Krish Naik: And, you love it. You love what we are actually bringing in front of you, right?
Krish Naik: Yeah So… good, altogether good, yes, I can see all the messages.
Krish Naik: Great. Yes, I can see all the messages. Booked.
Krish Naik: Trish, is this audio one-way audio? After the class, we allow everybody to talk. We'll take the doubt clearing. I'll talk about it, how the sessions are going to go ahead.
Krish Naik: But in between, we do not allow things because, again, there'll be a lot of disturbance with respect to this, okay?
Krish Naik: Yeah, all the sessions are recorded.
Krish Naik: And it'll be available in your dashboard also. Okay?
Krish Naik: So let me just log into my dashboard also, and today I have to explain you each and everything with respect to the dashboard, everything.
Krish Naik: So every information, you'll be getting it as it is an induction session. We are not going to learn anything new today, but we are going to understand about very important things, like our dashboard, how dashboard will be working, each and everything, okay?
Krish Naik: But I hope everybody was able to receive the email,
Krish Naik: Yeah, I guess you received the email with the link. Along with that, you could also see in the workshop, we were able to find out the links and all, okay?
Krish Naik: Okay
Krish Naik: While on the call, do we need to open any app, VS Studio, etc? Don't worry, we will talk about it, okay? From the next class, we'll start with, first of all, the installation, each and everything. Step by step, we'll go head-on.
Krish Naik: Hope we… for your workshop pop-up is not active.
Krish Naik: Okay, so first of all, everybody should download Krishnak Academy app.
Krish Naik: How many of you have already downloaded Krishnak Academia app? Just give me a quick…
Krish Naik: Hands up or something, you know?
Krish Naik: You will be able to find it out, so go ahead and download it. That is the first request, because you'll be able to get the notification, everything as such.
Krish Naik: So, go to the Play Store or the App Store, search for Krishnak Academy app.
Krish Naik: And, you should be able to get it. Please go ahead, because there will be some important notification about your classes, each and everything, okay?
Krish Naik: Is it okay to join from mobile Zoom for today? Yeah, you can.
Krish Naik: Today is more outcome induction session. We will talk about our platforms, how we are going to learn modern route, each and everything, okay?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: So, yeah, we'll wait for another 4-5 minutes. I want more people to join, and you know, once we are ready, I think we should be able to go ahead and talk about things over here. Okay?
Krish Naik: Perfect.
Krish Naik: So, super excited to take this session.
Krish Naik: Where we learn new things. But, from your dashboard, I hope you also got the access of the previous course.
Krish Naik: Of the Generative AI Bootcamp, yes?
Krish Naik: In your dashboard, in your courses section.
Krish Naik: Yeah? In the courses section. So, yeah, just go ahead and see in the courses section. Anyhow, I will be explaining it, okay? So, in your courses section also, you'll be able to get the previous batch recording, and this batch has more information, more, more content, because there's so many changes that has happened just in the past 6 to 7 months.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: The session is 3 hours, so we can change the timing from 7 to 10 p.m. No, it will not be possible.
Krish Naik: This is basically based on most of the audience who will be active.
Krish Naik: We cannot take specific requests.
Krish Naik: I joined this Class 3 AI Mastery Bundle, I don't see Modern Route
Krish Naik: An agentic AI boot ramp chat window. Aslam, I will be adding it, don't worry. I'll be providing you the access from the AI Pro Batch, okay?
Krish Naik: Just after the session, I will be providing it.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: The link from Python section in AI Bootcamp is not working.
Krish Naik: It should be working, guys.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: But let's… let me check, okay? How many months this session will be going? I think it is 5 to 6 months.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: Perfect.
Krish Naik: Can you, name the app? Okay, perfect. Krishnaiak Academy.
Krish Naik: Just search for this app, Krishnag Academy, okay?
Krish Naik: in App Store, And wherever you want, you can basically go ahead and search.
Krish Naik: Actually, he needs to navigate to the YouTube link. Yes, Myesh, absolutely.
Krish Naik: Perfect.
Krish Naik: So, shall we start, everyone?
Krish Naik: Yep.
Krish Naik: It's already 8.
Krish Naik: PMIST.
Krish Naik: the sessions, we'll talk about what our course is all about, each and everything, okay?
Krish Naik: Okay, so some excitement, something thumbs up, some nice emoji. Zoom now has some amazing emoji. Hit like, whatever things you can do.
Krish Naik: Yep.
Krish Naik: Perfect.
Krish Naik: Perfect. Okay.
Krish Naik: Great.
Krish Naik: So, first of all, I think Sunny's also there. Sunny, you want to show your face? You can go ahead and show.
Sunny Savita: Yes, sir. So, can you hear me?
Krish Naik: Yeah, I can hear you.
Krish Naik: Yeah, so I hope everybody's able to also see some.
Sunny Savita: I mean…
Krish Naik: Yep.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, hello, everyone.
Krish Naik: Okay, perfect.
Krish Naik: Great.
Krish Naik: Perfect.
Krish Naik: So, let me, quickly take you ahead,
Krish Naik: with the induction session, today is the induction session of the Modern Route. I'll give a brief info about our entire platform, how you'll be able to see the course recordings, live sessions, where the links will be, each and everything, whether you'll be able to get certification from this course.
Krish Naik: How many of you want certification? Just raise your hand over here.
Krish Naik: No?
Krish Naik: Oh, me, me, me, me, me, I need jobs, me, me. No, no, no. Okay, people are saying no. Okay, great. Okay, no certification. Okay, we don't believe in certification, so we will definitely not be providing it. Okay?
Krish Naik: Why, I'll tell you. If you want a self-written letter by me that you are the best data scientist or best generative AI or agentic AI engineer in the world, better than Elon Musk.
Krish Naik: or anyone who is development, or better than Cloud Code, wherever you want, whatever you want, you let me… tell me, let me know. I'll give that letter to you, okay? After completing this course. Okay?
Krish Naik: But yes, if you want a completion letter where you say to your office people so that you get reimbursement of the course fees and all, then you can ask me a letter, I can give that, okay?
Krish Naik: Yeah. Krishnak Academy app is available in iOS and Play Store also.
Krish Naik: Here?
Krish Naik: Perfect. Let me go ahead and share my screen.
Krish Naik: So, this is our website.
Krish Naik: Okay. Krishnag.in, I hope everybody has gone through this website.
Krish Naik: I hope so.
Krish Naik: I… many people have actually
Krish Naik: Gone through this particular website, each and everything is over here.
Krish Naik: So, this is the modern route, full-stack Generative AI and Agentic AI Bootcamp.
Krish Naik: And, in this specific bootcamp, what we are basically going to focus on, you will be able to see that, first of all, this batch is starting from March 15, 2026, that is today.
Krish Naik: And,
Krish Naik: You'll be able to see the classes are on Saturday and Sunday, 8pm to 11pm IST, okay? So let me quickly open my scribble notebook so that I'll also write it along with you.
Krish Naik: And if there is anything, I can also go ahead and tell you.
Krish Naik: Okay? So, first of all, this batch, that is Modern Route.
Krish Naik: Which is really important to understand, is that
Krish Naik: Your batch is basically starting from… 15th?
Krish Naik: March… 2026, okay? This batch will be for, I think, 5 to 6 months.
Krish Naik: 5 to 6 months. The class timing is… 8pm to 11pm.
Krish Naik: IST, okay? And after the class, we will also be having doubt clearing.
Krish Naik: Where we'll allow you to talk, we'll raise your hands, but you have to be patient with respect to that, you know? Like, everybody's doubt will get cleared, we'll be there till the end of the session, each and everything, okay?
Krish Naik: And, you know, the session may go till 4 or 5 hours, okay? So it is up to you how much you can actually sit each and everything and such, okay?
Krish Naik: Perfect. So, till here, everybody's clear.
Krish Naik: Yeah, only Saturday and Sunday, the classes are.
Krish Naik: Saturday and Sunday.
Krish Naik: And Sunday.
Krish Naik: Weekdays, it'll be difficult for you all to join, okay?
Krish Naik: Managed it will not be there, because this is a modern route. We really want to focus on people who wants to quickly get into generative AI and identity care, okay? So this is the first information that I want to share with you, okay?
Krish Naik: No.
Krish Naik: Since you have taken this, okay.
Krish Naik: Once you have bought this, let's say, enroll now, okay, if you have… if you have seen the syllabus, we'll talk more about the syllabus as we go ahead.
Krish Naik: Then the next step is that…
Krish Naik: Go ahead and log in to learn.krishnakacademy.com.
Krish Naik: Okay, so this website, you have to log in, okay? This is our backend, which will be hosting each and every information.
Krish Naik: Okay? That basically means all the session will be available over here, courses will be available over here, each and everything. So once you log in, do you see something like this?
Krish Naik: Yes?
Krish Naik: I hope everybody's able to see this. This is our dashboard, the LMH dashboard that we have.
Krish Naik: We have partnered with a company which is called as TagMango, okay? So Tag Mango is the company, who provides us these specific dashboards, where we can host our videos, we can provide the course access, each and everything.
Krish Naik: Kia?
Krish Naik: No.
Krish Naik: The next thing that I really want to focus over here is that the course access that I'm going to give you
Krish Naik: Can anybody guess for how many months this course access will be there for you?
Krish Naik: So, it will be for 2 years.
Krish Naik: Okay? Initially, I thought 1.5 years, but I'm planning to extend for another 6 months.
Krish Naik: Good news, everybody? Initially, I had announced 1.5 years.
Krish Naik: People like… people told me that please make 2 years, so I'm trying to make it as 2 years.
Krish Naik: So, good announcement for you. I think you're happy enough.
Krish Naik: So 2 years, the course access will be there.
Krish Naik: Along with this, We also give you the previous course recordings.
Krish Naik: Previous course recordings, so that if anybody wants to quickly get started.
Krish Naik: So previous course recordings will be available, okay?
Krish Naik: No.
Krish Naik: The first section that you see is something called as a feed section. Do you see this feed section?
Krish Naik: Yeah?
Krish Naik: Do you see this feed section? This feed section is just like your Instagram, LinkedIn feeds.
Krish Naik: Okay? If somebody's posting something, you should be able to see this, okay?
Krish Naik: Now, myself, I'm an admin, but this is my… another user ID, where it's just like a normal user, okay? So, any post that is probably coming up will be coming up over here. It can be your learning journey, like how in LinkedIn you can actually post things, right? Your learning patterns, each and everything, will be visible over here. Clear?
Krish Naik: Very simple, yeah?
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: Understood with respect to the feed section?
Krish Naik: The second thing is that you can download our official app, available on both iOS and Android, okay? The app name is Krishnak Academy, okay?
Krish Naik: So this app will also be having the same thing. We do not sell any additional courses inside this. You'll only be seeing something like, what are the courses, what is the meeting link, each and everything. Only necessary information, okay?
Krish Naik: So, this is the app where you can basically go ahead and join. Now, see, you can see over here, induction session, join, like this also you should be able to get, right? So that basically means this link, this webinar link has been enabled over here. Okay, and this is this specific class link.
Krish Naik: Clear?
Krish Naik: Everyone clear?
Krish Naik: Till here clear? Clear with respect to feed?
Krish Naik: Now, the next thing is that there is something called as workshop session.
Krish Naik: Okay? There is something called a workshop session. Now, in the workshop section, you can see that there is a workshop link, right? So, from here, you will be able to get your Zoom link.
Krish Naik: This link will be enabled 15 minutes before the class, and you can directly click on Join, and you should log in into the Zoom, and automatically it'll take you to the class.
Krish Naik: Clear?
Krish Naik: Yep.
Krish Naik: Along with this, we have also sent you mails, right? Email also you have received?
Krish Naik: Right? From our support team, you have received the email, how to join the class and all, right? If you're not receiving the email, probably it should be in your spam folder. Okay? Just go ahead and check. I think it'll be from hi at therateKrishnaikeAcademy.com. Okay?
Krish Naik: Clear?
Krish Naik: Yep.
Krish Naik: Yes?
Krish Naik: Everybody clear?
Krish Naik: Perfect. So, all your session links will be available over here, from the next weekend to
Krish Naik: Wednesday, these links will be visible to you, Wednesday or Thursday. We schedule it on Wednesday or Thursday, so that the link will be available for you.
Krish Naik: Now, this is the most important section, which is called as Courses. Do you see Courses, everyone?
Krish Naik: If you have taken this batch, these two courses should be visible to you.
Krish Naik: Yeah?
Krish Naik: There's two courses.
Krish Naik: is visible to you. This is our completed Generative AI and Agent Care Bootcamp, and this is the current one. So what we thought?
Krish Naik: we will be giving you the previous recordings also. So if you go ahead and click over here.
Krish Naik: You can see that all the classes' links are over here. You see this? Fine-tuning… vector database.
Krish Naik: Yeah?
Krish Naik: Clear, everyone?
Krish Naik: Everybody clear?
Krish Naik: Yeah? So, in the courses section, you're able to see this too. One is this, one is this.
Krish Naik: Right now, all the previous recording, classes recording are available over here, right? Here, there may be less content, because this was, 6 to 7 months back.
Krish Naik: Okay? In this, we have added more content, more syllabus, so we'll show you the syllabus also.
Krish Naik: Nagesh will not be able to talk, guys. See?
Krish Naik: Guys, try to understand… sorry, it's not Dranagesh.
Krish Naik: It's, Anil. You cannot talk right now. After the class, we will give you an option to talk. At that time, please raise your hand, but not right now. Let me complete the class. Everybody, just focus on this.
Krish Naik: Clear?
Krish Naik: Shiva, I didn't see in my dashboard. Which dashboard you did not see? Just go ahead and learn.krishnak.academic.com, log in with the number, with the email ID that you have registered the course for, and here you should be able to see this.
Krish Naik: Now, in Start Training Modern Route, you can see that I've put some prerequisites, right? So if I click on Python prerequisite, you can go ahead and click this link, and automatically this link will open.
Krish Naik: Okay? So here, this is the Python video, then you have complete machine learning in 6 hours, complete NLP, complete deep learning in 5 hours.
Krish Naik: Clear?
Krish Naik: Now.
Krish Naik: From the… like, today's session, since live is going on, after going… after we complete the live session, within 24 hours, we upload the recorded version of this particular
Krish Naik: Video, okay?
Krish Naik: So, whatever recording is basically happening.
Krish Naik: Okay? Directly over here, it will be available to you within 24 hours. Before 24 hours, we'll definitely try, because, see, all the session that we are doing, it goes for 4 hours, 5 hours, sometimes 6 hours. Last time, our session went till 7 hours also.
Krish Naik: Okay? That many doubts were there, people in required setup help each and everything.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Python videos are 6 years old, then also the concepts are same only, no?
Krish Naik: Some new additional libraries may have actually come.
Krish Naik: Okay? So don't worry.
Krish Naik: This is just to give you the taste, okay, how to work with Python intel. And beforehand, we have said that prerequisite is Python for this course.
Krish Naik: Clear?
Krish Naik: So, these are your courses, this course, two courses you'll be seeing. One is already having this one, and one, this is there, where you'll be having the recent things. Okay?
Krish Naik: This level up, don't worry about now, right now, because in this level up, we are planning to put some quizzes, okay? Right now, it is not enabled for your subscription plan, but once we have some quizzes, some assignments, hackathons, we will be updating it over here.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Clear?
Krish Naik: So, if you're seeing 3 courses, that basically means you may have enrolled in some other course of ours, right? So, people, how many courses you enroll, that many number of courses will be visible, okay?
Krish Naik: Now, the next thing is that, the most interesting session, most interesting tab is messages.
Krish Naik: So here you can see, this community chat access, you'll be able to get it. Okay, people who are from AI Pro Batch, don't worry, I will provide you the access.
Krish Naik: But you'll be able to see that all your community members will be available over here. They'll be chatting, they'll be discussing anything that you want to discuss.
Krish Naik: Just one request.
Krish Naik: Do not create WhatsApp, separate WhatsApp group, because I want everybody to be in the same platform, okay? So, I will create a WhatsApp group, we will do, oh, yes, come on, let's talk, hey, hi, how are you, this, that. Here you have come for studies, okay? So focus on studies.
Krish Naik: Okay? No, no, sir, we'll do group study, sir, we do this and all.
Krish Naik: Avishi says that, yeah, we're already done, I guess so. Yeah, WhatsApp, if you have created, I will ban you from the group.
Krish Naik: Then you'll be in the WhatsApp group only, okay? I'll refund your money, and I'll just close that group.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: You'll be saying, addict, sir, no, sir, very group studies, sir. Nobody has learned in group studies, okay?
Krish Naik: Nobody has learned in group studies. They'll just do time pass. I've seen such a WhatsApp group, they'll talk, what, all, not all.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: So I don't want you all to be getting… go in another group and waste your time. You've come here for studies, focus on the studies, learn from the class, develop, get a job, and go.
Krish Naik: Right?
Krish Naik: This is very much simple for you. Here, why you have coming and investing your money and time, it is very simple. Learn things, try to get a job, get a better package, try to upskill, right? And just go ahead.
Krish Naik: Yeah?
Krish Naik: That is the simplest thing. Here, WhatsApp group, no, sir, after, you know, doing good projects, then we'll go outing this, sir, hotel anakhana, these all things, no? Don't do it, okay? Just focus on the studies, that is what you have actually come for, and just focus on that, those things, right?
Krish Naik: So, this is the entire thing. Very simple app.
Krish Naik: No, very complicated, you may be thinking, no, sir, this is very difficult to have. No, it's very simple, no?
Krish Naik: I told you, new course recordings will be available over here, you can just go ahead and view it, right? The induction session will be over here. You should continue. Resources section, it will be uploaded, the resources will be uploaded. You know, when Sunny will be taking the class, he will be sharing you the resources in the class also. Along with that, he will be attaching also. Okay?
Krish Naik: Very much clear, simple, nothing as such, okay? Now, let's go ahead to the most interesting scene. So, if you go to Krishna.in, okay.
Krish Naik: I have also created a specific roadmap. Okay, now this roadmap.
Krish Naik: Now, this roadmap is one of the most common roadmaps that is being used in industries based on the various roles and requirements, okay?
Krish Naik: Let's say…
Krish Naik: you have actually come to this modern route, right? So here you'll be able to see that we are having 3 paths.
Krish Naik: Okay? The first path is something called as traditional path.
Krish Naik: The second path is called as modern path, and the third path is something called as Advanced Path.
Krish Naik: You don't know anything about AI, you want to start from basics, build a foundation, you know?
Krish Naik: Build a foundation. Mohan says, how many people joined for this course? Mohan! One lakh people. Any problem? Tell me.
Krish Naik: 100K people. Happy.
Krish Naik: So, if you are starting from the beginning, right?
Krish Naik: If you're starting from the basics, if you really want to focus on the foundation, right, then go ahead with the traditional route.
Krish Naik: You feel that, no, I want to get into generative AI, I want to get into data science, machine learning, but I really want to, first of all, focus on my foundation, then probably go to the next step, right? Then you can go ahead and see the traditional route. In the traditional route, the first thing is that you learn about data science.
Krish Naik: You master DS, MLCV, NLP. Then you add generative AI skillsets. Then you learn about agentic AI.
Krish Naik: Right? But the batch, this batch, we had launched a couple of months back, okay?
Krish Naik: But now, what we are launching is Modern Route. Let's say if there is any person
Krish Naik: They have programming background knowledge, they know something about machine learning, right? They know something, and they quickly want to get into generative AI and agentic AI because they really want to do some good projects in the company. Then Modern Route will be for them.
Krish Naik: In the modern route, first you learn about generative AI. We basically start from transformers in our classes, right? So generative AI first, then we master gen AI and LLMs, then we add a generic AI skill set, then parallelly we learn data science fundamentals.
Krish Naik: Okay? So here you can see, with respect to this particular roadmap, if you just go ahead and click it, the entire roadmap is given, along with free videos, free materials, paid content, everything is given, right?
Krish Naik: You should not say, Krish, you only, you know, sell courses. There are so many people who say this, okay, but anyhow, I don't…
Krish Naik: I don't care about it, okay? You can see, with respect to any module, you have a paid, you have free, you have Udemy courses.
Krish Naik: Okay? So you can go ahead and take anything that you require. The difference is very simple. In free, you're not… you may not get that much hand-holding. In UAdemy, you may get some amount of hand-holding. And in paid live session bootcamps, you get more hand-holding.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: So, just go to Krishnaid.in, see?
Krish Naik: Krishnaig.in, and here is the roadmaps, right? So just go ahead and see this.
Krish Naik: Clear?
Krish Naik: Now, over here you go. But what is our plan? What is our route right now that we are trying to choose?
Krish Naik: Tell me, it's a modern route.
Krish Naik: In the modern route, we start with generative AI. So here you can see Python programming language, then NLP foundation.
Krish Naik: Then deep learning concepts, basic deep learning concepts, then advanced NLP and transformers, then generative AI and LLMs, right? Then vector databases and RAG,
Krish Naik: Then, agentic AI.
Krish Naik: MLOps Cloud LLM Ops.
Krish Naik: And then, this is my industry-ready projects.
Krish Naik: So this way, we are also going to cover your syllabus, right?
Krish Naik: detailed, very detailed syllabus. Now, everybody wants to see the syllabus, yeah?
Krish Naik: Yes or no?
Krish Naik: You want to see your syllabus?
Krish Naik: Let's go ahead and see the syllabus. So, once you click on enroll now, In the enroll now.
Krish Naik: You will be able to see one course syllabus link.
Krish Naik: And this is your entire detailed course syllabus.
Krish Naik: Full-stack Generative AI, bootcamp, Fine-tuning RAG agents, GenAIL, LMOps, everything it combines, right?
Krish Naik: We basically go ahead and start with foundation of modern gen AI, where we start learning about generative AI, LLM models, transformers, how the transformer architecture is, and all, right? Then we understand LLMs, SLM, and multimodel LLMs, right? Then we have API for accessing LLMs.
Krish Naik: Fine-tuning techniques.
Krish Naik: Each and everything, LLM hosting on your own server.
Krish Naik: Prompt engineering.
Krish Naik: Retrieval augmented generation. RAG.
Krish Naik: Advanced RAG, multi-model system, agents, multi-agents, reap agents, so modern route evaluation strategies, guardrails, all these things.
Krish Naik: We'll be including, right? MCP,
Krish Naik: Cloud services for Gen AI. I see Module 13. Module 14 is no-code agent tools.
Krish Naik: And Module 15 is end-to-end project with deployment, right? There's so many projects that we are going to cover. So total, you can see 16 modules are there.
Krish Naik: Enough syllabus, or you want more? Yeah. Definitely, if something new is coming over there, we will try to include that. Context engineering will be the part in evaluation techniques as well, okay? In RAG, we will talk about
Krish Naik: context engineering. Now, tell me in the entire world, who teaches this much?
Krish Naik: Our… We have an exceptional
Krish Naik: success rate, okay? We don't showcase our success rate that much, but we have an exceptional success rate, okay? When I say success rate, people are amazing. They are getting jobs, they're getting each and everything out there.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: one best, best, you know, experience, I will talk about it, you know?
Krish Naik: One best experience that I really want to talk about it.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sir, so this is the updated syllabus, like, couple of more modules have been added here, like Cloud Code and a couple of more projects, so yeah, you can showcase this one as well.
Krish Naik: So at the end, I think we have also added a cloud code.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so in the previous syllabus, we were having 16 modules. Inside this, we have 18 modules, so one extra project, along with the cloud code. Cloud code, okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Krish Naik: 17, 18, 18 models we have added, guys.
Sunny Savita: GR18 model.
Krish Naik: To make sure that, I will also send this link to everyone.
Krish Naik: Okay? So that you can go ahead and click and see this, okay?
Krish Naik: So cloud code is also added. Because it is required nowadays, everything is basically added.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Hi, Krish, this is Amit Joneija, is this first time you're running this course? If you're not? See, the previous course access is already given. Okay?
Krish Naik: Okay, clear, you guys, you can download the course syllabus, and then you can check it out from your side, that we have… we have covered almost everything, everything, okay? And when I say we have a very good success rate, that basically means people
Krish Naik: get easily jobs when we complete all these things with proper, dedication, okay? I'll tell you one recent incident, you know?
Krish Naik: like, our students, when they go for the interview, right? The interviewer also knows us, because the interviewer also learned from us, and the interviewee also has learned from us, right? So that is the kind of experience that things are happening, right? And that's the most amazing experience.
Krish Naik: Okay, I think Sunny can also talk about this, right, Sunny? I think in your company also, you may have this.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sir, definitely.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Not one time, many times.
Krish Naik: Many types.
Krish Naik: Okay, clear? Everybody?
Krish Naik: No?
Krish Naik: Okay. We have seen the syllabus, we have seen this. Now you can see this roadmap also, anyone. You want to go ahead with the advanced route. Okay, last roadmap that we had is something called as advanced route.
Krish Naik: In the advanced route, we have… you can learn all three in parallel. Now, these are for those people who already are, like, very amazing in terms of experience, in terms of architecture, in terms of each and everything, right?
Krish Naik: And they really want to quickly get started by things, by learning things, so they can actually go with this advanced route.
Krish Naik: And if you want everything to learn from us, you know, we also have launched this plan, which is called as AI Pro. You can access any of these batches on a yearly basis subscription. So if anybody's interested in that, please call our counseling team. They'll help you out, okay?
Krish Naik: And let's say that if you're taking AI Pro, what we do is that we subtract whatever course fees that you have given for this batch, and we take the… we give you the entire AI Pro for the remaining amount.
Krish Naik: Clear?
Krish Naik: Yes?
Krish Naik: And then, finally, whenever you see any of the roadmaps, we are also developing one industry-ready projects. Right now, here you can see there are 68 industry-ready projects. At the end of completing anything, you can go ahead and take this.
Krish Naik: We have developed some amazing projects for this, which will be very, very much helpful for your resumes, portfolio, and everything. Clear?
Krish Naik: So, very much simple, guys. Did you like this?
Krish Naik: Okay? Kiran, what is AI Pro Pros? Please call our counseling team, they'll guide you with everything. Okay?
Krish Naik: Yeah, please call our counseling team, I hope you may be having their counseling team number. They'll first of all understand your requirements, and then only they'll suggest, okay?
Krish Naik: Does AI Pro cover the industry-ready projects? No. Industry Ready projects is a separate subscription, because a lot of efforts is basically gone. For industry-ready, you have classes every Saturday and Sunday also.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Perfect.
Krish Naik: Perfect, great, great, great, great, great. Okay? Now, over here, let me go ahead and write.
Krish Naik: Will you get a certificate? It is simple. No.
Krish Naik: Certificates. Why?
Krish Naik: Yeah? This world is called as a builder world. You need to become a builder, not a certificate.
Krish Naik: Keeper, okay?
Krish Naik: Try to build things, okay? Don't worry about certificates. Certificate is a waste of time.
Krish Naik: And it will always be a waste of time. Okay? I can give you a certificate, guys. In the back end, I just have to enable something with respect to… but I don't want to build that habit for you. What you'll do by putting certificates. Okay?
Krish Naik: Yeah, we'll be talking about cloud code, we'll talk about, many things as such. Don't worry.
Krish Naik: Clear? Okay.
Krish Naik: We have spoken about, okay, doubt clearing everything and all. Okay. One very important thing is, sometimes, you know, if holidays are coming in between, we may not take that weekend session. Instead, what we'll do is that we'll keep that weekend session on Wednesday.
Krish Naik: Or either it can be on the weekend itself, okay? Sometime, if some festivals are coming, and we cannot take the class, we need to cancel that particular class.
Krish Naik: Clear?
Krish Naik: Okay, now along with this, Let's talk about jobs.
Krish Naik: We have some very good well-wishers from different, different companies.
Krish Naik: Who keeps on… who keeps on giving us related to jobs?
Krish Naik: Okay? Related to jobs, let's say some of the companies has requirement of 30 developers, 20 developers.
Krish Naik: Right? Recently, you know, one of the companies, they gave us a requirement for somewhere around 25
Krish Naik: jobs requirement for AI engineers, okay? So whenever we get this, you know, we will be sharing it in your community group itself.
Krish Naik: So that's the reason I'm telling you, be active on the community.
Krish Naik: We will try to share this entire jobs information, we will be giving the HR email, you just need to go ahead and send your profile, okay?
Krish Naik: send your profile, because we have so… like, companies have so much trust on us, we get this regularly, right? You'll be able to see once we start, right? Within a month, we're going to post something for you all also, okay? So…
Krish Naik: With respect to any kind of job, also, we are not guaranteeing job, but at least we'll…
Sunny Savita: Sir, your voice is not audible.
Sunny Savita: No, we cannot hear you, sir.
Krish Naik: Hello.
Sunny Savita: You're now audible, yeah.
Krish Naik: Okay, now audible, guys?
Sunny Savita: Yes, now Audible.
Krish Naik: Just a second, guys, slash, okay.
Krish Naik: I think my mic, suddenly it happens, some problem happens over here, but don't worry.
Krish Naik: Just a second.
Krish Naik: Hello, hello. Yeah, now, now I'm audible, clear, right?
Sunny Savita: Yes, yes, sir, you are audible, yeah.
Krish Naik: Okay, perfect.
Krish Naik: Apologies, apologies, apologies, okay.
Krish Naik: Okay, now my screen is visible, everyone.
Krish Naik: Sunny, is it visible screen?
Sunny Savita: Yes, yes, it is visible.
Krish Naik: Yeah, so when I was talking about the job section, we are going to share that in the community group, okay? Wherever we have jobs and all. Even, you know, anybody gets, let's say, from our contact, from anywhere in any companies, we are going to share that, okay?
Krish Naik: I've covered almost everything. Sunny, is there anything that I left? .
Sunny Savita: No, I think so, like, you covered almost all the things.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Krish Naik: Okay, let's do one thing, Sunny. Let's take a…
Krish Naik: detailed, syllabus discussion, which you can actually do, okay?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, sure. I can give the complete overview of the syllabus, and then we can take the doubts.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so I'm sharing my screen. I'll give you the, like, the complete, detail about the syllabus, and then we'll go for the live doubt, okay? So if I'm audible and visible, and if my screen is visible, please let me know.
Krish Naik: Okay, Sunny, before we go ahead, right, I want to quickly make one announcement. Guys,
Krish Naik: How many of you are attending this NVIDIA GTC event?
Krish Naik: It'll be important for you all, the sessions, I guess.
Krish Naik: No? How… do you have the pass? Anything as such?
Krish Naik: No, you don't have the pass, okay? Can you click this link, everybody,
Krish Naik: I'll give you the pass over here, okay? So just go ahead and register for this. Everybody will be able to get a virtual pass, okay?
Krish Naik: Just… Sunny, can you see the link?
Sunny Savita: Yes, I can see, and even I clicked on that. So you guys, this is our… this is where you can register. Yeah.
Krish Naik: registering.
Sunny Savita: cooling.
Krish Naik: I have given you the link, guys. This will be a free virtual pass for all my students, what NVIDIA has actually given.
Krish Naik: And, soon, I'm also planning to conduct a hackathons with NVIDIA. We see the links, you cannot click the links, everyone?
Sunny Savita: Again, I shared in the chat, guys, please check now.
Krish Naik: Guys, just see this. This is the link. Just click on it. It's working, right? Click on it, register it. Everybody register it, because you'll be able to see a lot of virtual sessions, you'll be seeing
Krish Naik: Whatever work is basically going on each and everything, okay?
Krish Naik: But after that.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Yeah, tell me.
Sunny Savita: Guys, if you cannot click, right, so just copy from the…
Krish Naik: Copy and paste it.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Again, I'm sending it, copy and paste it here.
Krish Naik: Yeah, this is virtual. If you have capability, go to California. I'm only not going this time because I have some work and all.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Copy does not have any permission.
Krish Naik: But I think you should be able to click. Many people are able to click.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Give organization email if you have, give personal, anything, anything, you'll be able to get the…
Krish Naik: whatever you have. It's like you're just trying to connect it. Okay, Sunny, you can continue, please.
Sunny Savita: Oh, yes, sure, sure, thank you. So, guys, my screen is visible. Can you see this syllabus PDF?
Sunny Savita: please, let me know, so that I can give you the, like, complete detail about this labors.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, as we are, starting this batch, so this is just an induction session, guys. So, in, today's, session, we'll just, discuss the syllabus and some general question, answer, and all, okay? And after, like, from this, sorry, after this session onwards, we will be, like, deep diving into this syllabus.
Sunny Savita: So, first, we'll start, from the system setup and all. So, whatever systems, requirement,
Sunny Savita: And the configuration is, like, required, so I will let you know in the class itself. So, we don't require any very high-end system. You can just… if you have a simple configuration, like i5, or even Ryzen 5 with 16GB of RAM, right? And even the basic GPU, like RTX 40 series or RTX 50 series, right? So, that will be enough. If you don't have GPU, then no need to worry.
Sunny Savita: Okay? If you just have i5 with a 16GB of RAM, i5, i7, or Ryzen 5, Ryzen 7 with a 16GB of RAM, that will be enough, okay, for this entire course.
Sunny Savita: Because here, we are not doing any sort of a training. Most of the time, we are going to load the model from the APIs, and if we want to train anything, then we will, like, train it over the Google Collab, we'll take a pro subscription of the Google Collab, or else we'll train it over the cloud, okay? So, high-end system is not required.
Sunny Savita: But still, if you want to experience the GPUs, so you can take at least 4.0 or 5.0 series with at least 8GB of VRAM, so that you can run the OLAMA, you can do the inferencing using the quantize model and all, right? So this doubt is clear. I think many people were asking to me, like, what would… what should be the system configuration. And the same thing goes with the Mac.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, the same kind of configuration you can bought for the Mac also, are the compatible configuration, okay? We don't require very high-end system. So, in Mac, even if you are, working with M1 or M2 chip, right, which is, like.
Sunny Savita: the…
Sunny Savita: older one, okay, that will also work. And 16GB RAM is sufficient. 16GB RAM is more than sufficient. Understood, guys? Yes or no? GPU-wise, sorry, RAM-wise, 8GB RAM. Minimum 8GB. Okay. If you are below 28GB, then you might, like, feel some lagging and all while you are doing multitasking, if you are opening so many tabs, different browser.
Sunny Savita: Okay, different IDs and all. So I would highly recommend you to take at least 8GB of RAM. Just check out the slot, I think one more slot would be there inside your system. You can fit one more, like, 8GB of RAM over there, okay? If someone working with the older system, then, no need to worry, right? You can do the, practical and all, the experiment, practical and all inside the collab itself.
Sunny Savita: And the end-to-end project, I will tell you how you can run inside the local system. Understood? Is this a doubt killer or not? My voice is killer, guys, tell me yes or no. Yes, course recording validity is for the 2-year, okay?
Sunny Savita: Great. So, you understood about the system configuration. Now, let me give you the, complete detail in the idea about the syllabus, okay? So, as, we, as we have shown you, we are having, in total, 18 modules, right? So, guys, this is the Generative AI bootcamp, right? So, we will start from the transformer, okay? We are not going to discuss the NLP machine learning
Sunny Savita: learning, right, those concepts over here, we will directly start from the transformer, because the modern, generative AI, right, the LLM foundation begins from the transformer itself. And even in the interview also, they won't ask you much MLDL and all. MLDL knowledge is required, the basic knowledge is required, that is fine. If you have, if you know that, then it is fine.
Sunny Savita: If you don't know, then… then also it is fine, okay? Because guys, in practical, we are not going to use that knowledge.
Sunny Savita: In practical, we are not going to use that knowledge. Those knowledge is just for the theory purpose, that knowledge just for clearing some, like, interviews and all, okay? If specifically they have mentioned about the machine learning and deep learning, then you need to learn about the machine learning and deep learning, some basics and all, okay? If you don't know anything about that, then it is fine. If you know, then also it is fine. So this thing is clear, tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: or no. So, machine learning and deep learning is not required, right? In-depth knowledge is not required. If you already know, then it is fine for you. If you don't know, then also it is fine, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, inside the Module 1, guys, we'll understand the foundation of the generative AI, right? So, in foundation, what comes? So, in foundation, transformer comes, right? In foundation, this embedding and the encoding comes. These are the important topics. So, for understanding, for getting the knowledge of the large language model, we should… we'll have… we'll have to understand about a transformer, okay? Because every LLM architecture belongs to that
Sunny Savita: architecture, their parent architecture, that is Transformer, right? You can check out with their research paper, Attention All You Need. Once you will Google, you will get the research paper, okay? So, this is the Module 1, where we'll discuss about the foundation of the generative AI. Then, inside the second module, we'll take an understanding of the LLM, SLM, and multi-model LLM, okay? So, nowadays, the LLM is capable to do everything.
Sunny Savita: Right? It can process the text, it can process the images, even it can process the other different type of data. So we'll understand, like, how LLM is capable for doing these things. Okay, we'll… I will show you the different architecture. We'll go through with some SLM also, okay, which is having lesser amount of parameter, and which is very, like, capable model, right? And then we'll discuss about the multi-model.
Sunny Savita: one LLM, how it can process the different type of data.
Sunny Savita: So once, we'll have understanding of the foundation of the generative AI and the LLM, SLM, and multimodel LLM, okay, we'll understand how we can access those LLM. So, for accessing the LLM, right, so what we are doing, guys? Tell me. So, we are, like, we are reading from several APIs, right? So we are loading the model from the OpenAI API, from the Cloud API,
Sunny Savita: from, Grok API, from Open Router, from Hugging Face API, okay? Or, if we want to, download the model in our local, so that thing is also possible. So, we'll understand whole sort of a thing, right? So, in how many ways, basically, we can read those LLM, and we can utilize in our application. Understood? Is this thing clear or not, guys? This three module is clear.
Sunny Savita: Tell me. API from Open Router, yes. So, we have many paid variants, paid version, as well as the free also. So, if, if we required a very good model, high-end model, like GPT, Cloud, okay, Jiminy model, then we'll have to pay, okay? We'll have to, like, add some credit in their account, in their API account, then only we can load the model. But if we want a normal model just for creating POCs, just for
Sunny Savita: some experiment and all, then we can load the model from the free resources also, okay? Free… from the free API also. We can directly download the model from the Hugging Face, we can directly download the model from the Grog, okay? We can load from the Open Router
Sunny Savita: And, from the different other places. So, each and every place, we'll discuss, like, from, what all places we can take the model, and how we can utilize in our application. Now, apart from this one, guys, we load the model from some managed platform also. So, have you heard about the Azure Cloud Foundry and AWS, Bedrock? Anyone heard about this, Azure Cloud Foundry?
Sunny Savita: anyone worked with this Azure Cloud Foundry, I think the name, earlier name was the Azure OpenAI, right? It was not the Azure Cloud Foundry, okay? So, Azure Cloud Foundry, AWS Bedrock, from these places also, we can load the model. And whenever we work in an industry, right? So, we load the model from this managed platform also. So, if possible, definitely I will show you how you can
Sunny Savita: load the different model from there as well. So, making sense to all of you, yes or no? So, we are going in a sequence. We'll be going in a sequence. First, we'll understand about the fundamental, which will be, like, more theoretical, okay, for clearing the interview, for answering in an interview. Then, we'll come to the practical, right? We'll understand the different, different API, SDK, and all. Now, after this one, guys, so here, I included one module.
Sunny Savita: Now, how many of you know about the fine-tuning? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Do you know about the fine-tuning? So, fine-tuning is a process where we can modify the knowledge of the large language model, okay? So, once we'll get to know about the LLMs, right, we are able to load the LLM, we are able to download the LLM,
Sunny Savita: Then, after, we'll understand how we can fine-tune this model. Now, for the fine-tuning, nowadays, we have a different type of framework, okay, variety type of framework. But guys, my favorite is an unslot. So, we'll discuss about the fine-tuning, what are methods we have, in how many ways we can fine-tune the model. We'll discuss about the Hugging Face-based fine-tuning, and on top of it.
Sunny Savita: Whatever framework have been created, like Llama Factory, Axolotl, Unsloth, okay, and the different other framework, we'll discuss about that as well.
Sunny Savita: Got it, guys? Yes or no? Is it clear to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Yes, okay. So, we'll get enough understanding about the fine-tuning, right? After loading the LLM, after understanding about the LLM.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, tell me, after the fine-tuning, definitely one project will be required. Let's suppose you want to download any SLM model, okay, you wanted to fine-tune that model, you wanted to, like, host on your own server, how we can do that, right? How you can do that? So, I'll show you that inside this module, right? So, how you can download one model, how you can fine-tune onto your own data.
Sunny Savita: and then how to host that model over the server. So, here we'll use the AWS. We can use the AWS SageMaker service. Okay, it will directly allow you to train the model, directly host it as an API, and then after hosting that model, we can use it anywhere, okay? So, in a same way, basically, we are also doing in the industry, and many companies, many enterprises.
Sunny Savita: big enterprises who can spend the money, they are doing that, okay? They are hosting their own LLMs on their own platforms. Agree, guys? Yes or no? Now, tell me, till this five module, everything is clear. I think we are going in a sequence.
Sunny Savita: And we are under… we are understanding, every… we are doing everything, basically, in that way only, like, it is required in an industry. Yes or no? Clear, guys. If it is clear, just, give me a quick thumbs up, so that I can proceed with the further, module, okay?
Sunny Savita: Timeline for the each module, so, will take 5 to 6 classes, okay? 5 to 6 is a maximum one. So, smaller module, basically, it will take, 3 to 4 classes, 2 weeks, and the bigger module, it will take up to 8 classes, okay? So, it depends.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, once we are ready with the fine-tuning, LLM hosting, and all everything, now we'll come to the more practical side. So, from, this module onwards, whatever we are going to learn, so everyone is going to be using it actively, okay? So, they are, they are, like, using the prompt engineering technique, the different, different prompt engineering technique, prompt, there are different prompt hubs, prompt there, we can directly load the prompt.
Sunny Savita: Okay, how, in how many ways we can write the prompt, what is a configuration level, prompt, what is a configuration level prompting? What is a conditional prompting? Okay, what is a, like, React prompting, right? And the, other, like, different prompt template and all from the different, different module. So, we'll understand that over here, inside the module 6, right? So, prompt engineering is important, because
Sunny Savita: Everything depends on the instruction only, whatever instruction we are providing to the LLM.
Sunny Savita: Got it? So, Module 6 is important, prompt engineering is important, and we are going to use it, right, at every place, right? Whether we are going to be learned about the RAG system or the agentic system. After that, guys, we will come to the RAG. So, this is a very important part, right? This retrieval argument generation RAG is a very important part of the generative AI, okay, of the modern generative AI.
Sunny Savita: I think 90% use cases belong to this rag. And in every company, I think this rag is being built, right? How many people agree this rag is an important one? Now, guys, see, this rag seems so simple when we are talking about the rag, right? It looks very simple, but whenever we build it in a real time, we face several challenges here.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no, agree or not, right? So, we'll understand from the data parsing to data ingestion, to retrieval, to the augmentation and generation, okay? So, these are several stages of the REG, and inside that also, you will find out the different modality of the data, okay? And, I think someone was asking to me, like, someone was asking in the chat, context engineering.
Sunny Savita: So that context engineering, basically, we can cover inside the RAG itself. So in, that context engineering, actually, it comes under the RAG inside the agent API, okay? So we can cover up the topic over there itself, right? So, RAG and multimodal RAG is very important chapter of the generative AI. You cannot escape this one. Now, after that, guys, so, the very important part of this syllabus, right?
Sunny Savita: I think, most of the people have joined this badge just because of this topic, agent, multi-agentic system. Tell me yes or no. I think many of you, you, like, just have seen the title, like, along with the generative AI, we are going to tease the agent API, and you join this badge, right? So, this is a very important module of this entire, syllabus that is Agenting and the multi-agentic system.
Sunny Savita: So, we'll, deep dive into the agentic and the multi-agentic system. We'll understand, how we can create a multi-agentic and the agentic system, what is the meaning of the deep agent system, okay? So, each and every topic we have given over here. So, every, thing in a sequence, guys, we are going to be cover everything in a sequence, and see, after every module, we are going to do some projects, okay?
Sunny Savita: If I'm saying project, so those projects, actually, it's going to be a POC-level project. It's not going to be a normal notebook implementation, or very basic, like, project, so we'll do the POC-level project. After each and every module, we'll focus onto the practical, right? Now, after, see, guys, this, this is the practical module, so most of the thing is going to be practical over here.
Sunny Savita: Okay? As I told you, from prompt engineering onwards, whatever thing we are going to do, it will be a practical, okay? So, code writing and all, it will be, those things will be required, right? Now, after this one, guys, so couple of more modules we have added.
Sunny Savita: Because it is in a very in-demand topic, and in every module, basically, we are going to be using it, whether it's a rack, or fine-tuning, or agent API, right? In every module, we are going to be utilizing this topic. The first one is an evaluation strategy. Now, how we can evaluate the LLM models, okay? Whatever we are going to be generated from the LLM, how we can evaluate that, should we go ahead with the mathematical metrics of the
Sunny Savita: evaluation, or should we go with a different, like, metrics, right? Or else we should go with a, we should use AI as a reviewer, which is, like, again, it's a very, important thing nowadays in the industry, I'm seeing. So, many people using AI as a reviewer. So, they are using, LLM model itself as a, as a evaluator. So, they are, like, they are evaluating their agent
Sunny Savita: pipeline, their RAC pipeline, their own LLM-generated output from the LLM itself, okay? So, LLM as a judge, AI as a reviewer, so this is a very important topic. So, we are going to understand that part also inside the Module 10, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, inside the module 11, guardrails, right? So, how to put the guardrails, how to, keep AI, like, in limit, right? How to put some restriction over the AI-generated responses. So, we'll understand, this thing in a guardrails. So, whenever we are going to design a conversational AI thing, right? So, have anyone worked on the conversational AI? Anyone build up the
Sunny Savita: RAG or agentic system.
Sunny Savita: tell me, anyone is working inside, like, any, any sort of a project, or any POCs, anything, guys. So, where this, guardrails comes, right? So, if you are going to be build a conversational AI for any domain, right? So, there you will have to implement these guardrails. It is a very important thing, okay? So, we'll understand that we have several libraries. Using those libraries, we can easily
Sunny Savita: implement the guardrails. Langchen also support guardrails till some extent, but guys, my favorite is the Nemo guardrails from the NVIDIA. Even OpenAI also support, some guardrail, stuff, so we can utilize that also, even when we have one more library, that is guardrails.ai, okay? Which is also having some guardrails-related classes and all, which we can directly use, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, this is, like, again, one of the modules. Now, after that, guys, MCP. Now, how to, bring the context to the agentic system, right? How to, like,
Sunny Savita: basically,
Sunny Savita: what I can say. So, how to expose the tools, okay? So, with… we'll understand that, part using this MCP. So, this MCP, we are going to be used a lot inside the agentic system, and even in our… every project, we are going to be using this MCP, okay, Model Context Protocol. It is all about the context which we are going to provide to the AI, right? And where this MCP
Sunny Savita: comes, okay? Now, after that, guys, we have added one more module, that is Cloud Services for the Gen AI. Specifically, I mentioned the name AWS, Amazon Web Services, okay? So, guys, see, many people are asking to me, I'm getting lots of, lots, many messages on a, like, daily basis over the LinkedIn and the other different places.
Sunny Savita: Sir, whether you will teach the Azure or GCP. So, see, if you are going to be learning one cloud, right? Like, let's say you are working with the AWS, then you can easily understand the other cloud and the other compatible services. If you know how to work with the AWS in terms of Gen AI, in terms of the GenAI services, then you can use the other compatible services also from the different cloud, like Azure
Sunny Savita: the GCP. Understood, guys? So, specifically, I mentioned over here AWS, so we'll, understand all the cloud services, okay, cloud services for the Gen AI from the AWS itself, and then, I will give you the name of the other services from the different other cloud, like Azure, GCP, and all. If possible, so we can show you the, we can show you one more cloud, like Azure and GCP, because we have done that, in our previous batches, people,
Sunny Savita: Many of our students asked, sir, can you include at least one deployment from DASI or from the GCP?
Sunny Savita: So, based on that request, yes, we are considering the different other cloud also, but mainly we'll focus over the AWS. Got it, guys? Yes or no? So, this thing is clear. The cloud, doubt is also clear or not. Please tell me in the chat if this thing is clear. Yes?
Sunny Savita: Okay. So, cloud part is clear, and if you have any sort of a doubt, any other doubt, definitely you can ask right after the session. Okay, so we'll, aloud to you, you can raise the hand, and we'll unmute you.
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, here you can see no-code agent tech tool. See, we all are developers, and, we are writing a code from scratch, we are creating a system from scratch, right? But guys, still we have included this module so that you can, you can, you can test some automation tool, right? Like NA10 and the different other tool. So, how to do the business-level automation, right? See?
Sunny Savita: even if we cannot do, like, that much of, like, agentic automation using this tool, we can do very high-level automation, okay, using this Annet and the other tool, but, definitely we'll show you at least one or two use cases. So, if you have to do any business-level automation, okay, so that… so you can understand how to do that using this no-code and the low-code tool.
Sunny Savita: And here, we are going to use the NATN. Understood, guys? Yes or no? So, this module is also clear, the module number 14, no-code agent tool, right? And you can see the complete syllabus over here. We are just focusing over the Anaten over here, okay? And then if you wanted to use any other tool, any other compatible tool, right? You can do that. You can use that. You can feel free to do that. Okay, here we just have to, like.
Sunny Savita: Create some drag and drop and all, and we can connect the different services to each other, and we can…
Krish Naik: Sonny, you're not audible.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, now I am audible, I think… Yeah, yeah, sorry. Yeah, so, yes, guys, I was talking about this no-code, low-code tool. So, it is clear, this no-code, low-code tool, this module 14 is clear, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: I think till here, everything is clear, correct? Good. Now, after that, guys, see, module number 15. So, this, one more module we have added inside your syllabus, because many people were asking to us about the cloud, and you know, guys, Cloud is providing different services to us, okay? Like, their model is very development-friendly.
Sunny Savita: Okay, the different, different model. So, it is, it is providing us Cloud Code, Cloud Cove work, right? So, different, different services will explore inside the cloud, and, will create, some project, okay? So, initially, we'll discuss the different model of the cloud, then we'll come to the cloud, basically code, how we can utilize that. Even I, published one course over the Kristar YouTube channel, you can check it out there, okay?
Sunny Savita: development project over there. You will understand how to configure that and how to create project using this cloud code.
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, there is one more service from the cloud, that is called Cloud Co-Work, okay? So, you can collaborate with the AI, you can give the access, right, your files folder, everything to the AI, and then you can work along with the AI. No doubt, guys, it is a money-oriented thing, but guys, yes, I included this module also inside your syllabus, and we'll take a look how this cloud work.
Sunny Savita: Understood, guys, this module 15 is clear, what we are going to do over here. So, once we'll come to this part, you will understand more about it, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, see. Once we'll learn everything, once we'll, clear out all the concepts and all, now, how to compile the entire knowledge? So, for compiling that entire knowledge, we required a project, okay? So, because at the end, guys, we all are going to build a project.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no? In industry, we all are going to build a project. So here, we have kept 3 projects. Earlier, actually, we just kept 2 projects, but again, our student, requested to us, sir, can you add one more project? So, behalf of the request guys, we have added one more project over here, and this project, actually, it's going to be an end-to-end. So, whatever we have learned so far, okay, inside all the modules, we are going to integrate our entire
Sunny Savita: knowledge over here inside this project, okay? And, we'll develop it from scratch. Now, apart from this one, guys, see, nowadays, no one is writing code from scratch. How many of you are writing a code from scratch? Tell me. I think no one is writing a code, okay? Everyone is using the, everyone is using this, Copilot, right? So, we are using GitHub Copilot.
Sunny Savita: We are using Cloud Code, we are using…
Sunny Savita: basically cursor, okay, integrity, the different other, like, IDs we have, okay, different other, like, coding AI assistant. So, guys, here also, we are going to follow the same thing. We are not going to write a complete code from scratch, so in the very first class itself, we'll introduce the AI Coding assistant, and how to work with that. If you will ask to me, Sunny, which code, AI coding assistant we can use.
Sunny Savita: So, we can use GitHub Copilot.
Sunny Savita: Okay, which is, like, which we can configure freely. You no need to pay anything for that. You can access the basic level model over there, and that will be more than enough.
Sunny Savita: If you want some advanced model over there, then you can pay $10 of amount, and you can take those advanced model, okay? I will show you how to do that. Now, on the other hand, we have cursor, integrity. So, if you have knowledge, with any one AI coding assistant, okay, whether it's a GitHub Copilot, Cloud Code, or Cursor, you can work with any coding assistant, right? So, we are going to follow the same thing over here.
Sunny Savita: we are going to do a mix-up, okay? Means some thing will write manually, and something, basically, we are, going to be generated from the co-pilot, okay? So that you will understand, you know, both way, how to do the, code manually, how to think about the design and all, and then how to generate a code using the co-pilot.
Sunny Savita: Got it, guys? Yes or no? Is it clear to all of you? So, this is our entire syllabus, and I hope, guys, you liked it. So tell me, guys, how much you would like to rate to this entire syllabus, and we have, designed it for next, 5 to 6 months, and I think this will be more than enough, okay? To become a Jennya engineer, and to sustain yourself in an industry for next, at least 3 to 4 years.
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: Sir, will you, share this syllabus? Yes, I can share the syllabus, I can share in the chat, you can take it from there, okay?
Krish Naik: I'll also upload the file directly in the chat.
Sunny Savita: Okay, sir, I can download that, just…
Krish Naik: No, no, wait, wait, I'll just upload it.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, whether you required coding experience or not, so, yes, see, for writing a code, for generating a code, at least you should familiar with some coding.
Sunny Savita: Right? If you're not familiar with any programming language like Python or any other language, it will be hard to generate or write a code. Okay? So, guys, programming or any programming language is mandatory for any kind of development. So, if you haven't gone through with our prerequisite sessions.
Sunny Savita: Guys, learn at least Python from there. If you don't know Python, then at least learn the Python, brush up the Python concept, so that you can develop the project, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, can we do it over the VS Code? Yes, we can do over the VS Code, right?
Sunny Savita: Can Fresher join the course? Yes, anyone can join, because this, skill, basically, I think everyone is required this skill, whether someone is Fresher or someone is an experienced one. So we all are on same boat right now, so anyone can join that.
Sunny Savita: So, do we need to create cloud accounts? Yes. So, you require the cloud account if a cloud account, AWS Azure. If you are doing any sort of a development, then your cloud account will be required. And you can do it freely, okay? You can create a AWS account
Sunny Savita: You can create Azure account, GCP account, you no need to pay anything. I will show you how to do that.
Sunny Savita: Right? If you are, getting any money, then you can bave off that money. Or else you can shut down that account, just… it is just a learning account, and then you can open the new one, the new email ID. Okay? I have opened, like, 5 to 6 accounts so far.
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: So, can I use GCP? Any cloud you can use. Any cloud, right?
Sunny Savita: Great, so, Sir, I think now we can take, some live questions, and .
Krish Naik: You can stop sharing the screen first.
Sunny Savita: shows.
Krish Naik: Okay, guys, now quickly, I will talk about one important thing. Just a second, Sunny, I'm just saying the last thing.
Krish Naik: Come on.
Krish Naik: Okay, can you see my screen, everyone?
Krish Naik: Okay. Now, everybody understood, right? If you want to go ahead and explore the roadmaps, you can go to this particular page. Krishna got in, and here you can see roadmap section is there. Now, one very important thing that I really want to talk about, which, will take you one more step ahead, right?
Krish Naik: See, that is about your brand building, okay?
Krish Naik: Brand building.
Krish Naik: Okay? And this is a very important step that we tell all our students to probably do, right?
Krish Naik: And can anybody tell me when I talk about brand building, you know, what do I mean by that, you know?
Krish Naik: Please focus on sharing your knowledge, sharing your work, right?
Krish Naik: Sharing your knowledge, sharing your work.
Krish Naik: It can be anywhere. It can be in the form of LinkedIn posts, it can be in the form of GitHub.
Krish Naik: Right.
Krish Naik: GitHub.
Krish Naik: See, this is why very important, because nowadays.
Krish Naik: People see things like what you have actually built.
Krish Naik: People talk to you, see, directly. If they find out something really interesting.
Krish Naik: Please just say that, okay, just go ahead and post that learning, post…
Krish Naik: create that project in GitHub, share it with all the people, people will definitely love it, you know. And if some of the companies also have that kind of requirement, they will directly contact you.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: LinkedIn is a very good way to go ahead with, you know, once you start gaining some followers, start gaining seeing, like, everywhere your profile is basically seen, right?
Krish Naik: So that's the reason why I'm telling you, is that you have to keep on doing it. Today, you have learned this, okay? Prepare your own notes, own materials, prepare your projects, prepare something, and start sharing to the entire world. This is what we have actually done from past 7 to 8 years, and because of this, you know.
Krish Naik: It's not about just your brand building, it's about telling the entire world that, hey, I know this, okay, and I'm basically in the same race
Krish Naik: Where things are being getting developed, and I can be a very added value in your team, in your companies, right? So this will be really, really important, okay? So whatever things you learn, every Saturday and Sunday session, please make sure to share it. Do tag me, Sunny, right?
Krish Naik: We will be happy to push your
Krish Naik: profile forward, you know? You will be happy to push, you'll be seeing, we'll be reposting your… whatever post that you're creating. It can be your article, it can be blogs, it can be anything, it can also be a YouTube video, no worries.
Krish Naik: Right? You just need to keep on sharing things, right? And that is how you build your brand, you build your portfolio.
Krish Naik: Very simple. You're just saying the entire world, you're knocking in front of them virtually and saying that, hey, I know everything, right? And this is what I have actually learned.
Krish Naik: Okay? So, it'll be a request. Please make sure, don't forget about this. You have to share your knowledge, you have to tell the entire world that you know things, I've learned things. Just don't keep that knowledge within you, right? So, this is really, really important. So, will you promise me that you will be doing this specific step? Because, see.
Krish Naik: When we say this right, this will definitely help you for your jobs.
Krish Naik: jobs, you will be getting calls, you'll be seeing that from where all my messages, you'll be getting it, right? So please do promise, and this is the most important step, unless and until you don't share this, you know?
Krish Naik: let me tell you that keeping the knowledge in your head, okay, I have a very important saying, I don't know, never this is then. Share your knowledge, before it becomes meaningless, right?
Krish Naik: And in this AI era, right?
Krish Naik: This is really important. Share your knowledge before it becomes meaningless, okay? So when you're sharing your knowledge, right, at the right time, at the right things, you will be… definitely be able to get a lot of things out of it, right?
Krish Naik: If you don't share it, it is just going to be meaningless.
Krish Naik: After some time, nobody will be requiring that specific knowledge itself, right? So it is really much important, so please make sure to focus on these things, right? Now, coming to the doubt clearing. Now, see, like, usually what happens is that we'll be having the sessions between 8 to 11,
Krish Naik: And then, after that, we may continue our doubt clearing. Now, in the doubt clearing, you know, you have to be really, really patient, right?
Krish Naik: Don't say that, Krish, I'm waiting for that much time, nobody's answering my questions, oh my, this, that. See, everybody's important for us. We are here. We are definitely not going to go ahead anywhere, right? We will be here in front of you only.
Krish Naik: Right? Unless and until everybody's doubt is not getting cleared, we are not going to end this session, right? So that's the reason I'm telling you. Sometimes.
Krish Naik: Our session has gone to 7 hours, 8 hours. We have made sure that we have asked everybody their queries, how they can actually move ahead, how they can basically go ahead and ask it. Yes, if
Krish Naik: Specific time zone issues are there, you can request us, we can allow you to talk first, but for all the people, you have to be patient. Everybody's doubts are important.
Krish Naik: Like, out of you, like, 10 to 15 people may have the same doubts. So if you listen to the other person's doubt also, most of your doubts will also get clear. Okay? So please be patient, don't fire guns, bullets on us, saying that, Chris, sir, you are ignoring me, you're not seeing my message, oh my god.
Krish Naik: Please, okay, don't do that. We will be catering everybody queries. So please raise your hand, we'll allow one by one. Okay, Mahesh, Kumar, unmute yourself and talk, please.
Mahesh Kumar Kothur: Thank you, Chris, and
Mahesh Kumar Kothur: You are the one, I was enrolled… I'm a software engineer full-stack at work in a Ford in, Michigan. So, and I saw your post, RAG explanation. That is where it dragged my attention to follow your videos. That is where
Mahesh Kumar Kothur: take me to this class to join and roll for this. And thanks for that, and also, like, what kind of tools, like a vector database I see in the roadmap, and Roadmap is exceptional, but Pinecone, could you please include
Mahesh Kumar Kothur: ChromaDB and other available, vector databases.
Krish Naik: So if you follow…
Mahesh Kumar Kothur: Can't hear you, lost you, like…
Sunny Savita: Your voice, why is not audible, sir, hello.
Krish Naik: Sorry, it got muted. Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. Yeah, now audible? Yeah?
Sunny Savita: Yes, Steven.
Krish Naik: So, if you see in that roadmap, right, the playlist that we have linked, right, we have spoken about multiple different databases.
Mahesh Kumar Kothur: to cover.
Krish Naik: about MongoDB vector databases, we've covered about FIS, this, that, all the different, different vector databases. See, at the end of the day.
Krish Naik: Vector databases almost do same… similar functionalities. There are some minute differences, like one vector database may have some more additional features, right? So, in that, roadmap, you'll be seeing, if you follow that particular playlist, we have covered different, different vector databases, okay?
Mahesh Kumar Kothur: Okay, and also, sometimes you mentioned in the, introduction, like, might have classes in the weekdays, for the Wednesday.
Krish Naik: We are planning not to have it. We are focusing more on the weekends.
Mahesh Kumar Kothur: Oof.
Krish Naik: Sometimes what happens is that many holidays may come in the weekend. So at that point of time, we'll not be able to take it, right? So that's the reason we are taking this step, that sometimes we may have weekday sessions, because we don't want to delay our syllabus, right? Like, you know, I'll tell you, because of holidays and all, one of our batches got postponed to two to three months.
Krish Naik: So that is one of the learning for us, and we want to complete the syllabus on time.
Mahesh Kumar Kothur: Why I'm asking is if, sometimes, like, holidays, you can keep the classes on Wednesday, I might not join during the weekdays, and at that time, is it possible to connect one-on-one to clarify, even though I can follow the recording, if I have any doubts, might need help to catch up that, right?
Krish Naik: That's the reason we have created this community chat.
Mahesh Kumar Kothur: Okay.
Krish Naik: And he will be active over there, myself will be active over there, any peer, and all your people, like, all the students who are from this particular batch will also be active there. They will be able to guide you out with respect to that, right?
Mahesh Kumar Kothur: Okay, okay.
Krish Naik: Anything other than that, I'm always there, you can directly message me, even in the chat, yeah?
Mahesh Kumar Kothur: Sure. Thank you.
Krish Naik: Yeah, Tosif, done, right? Prasad?
Tauseef: Sir, can you hear me?
Krish Naik: Yeah, Tulsifier, sorry.
Tauseef: Thank you, sir. Thanks for the course, and thanks for the team, for the effort that you are giving, sir. Just want to know one thing, sir. Will you also be discussing with the project, or the real project that we are doing in the office, you know?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Yeah, just go and check some of our projects.
Tauseef: insert.
Krish Naik: Yeah, we will be taking these projects, and all the projects will not do wipe coding. Everything will write it in front of you.
Krish Naik: Okay. Yep.
Tauseef: Yeah, thanks.
Krish Naik: Yeah, Mahesh?
Krish Naik: Prasad done, right? So, guys, whoever question is done, please.
Prasad: Hmm.
Krish Naik: Sorry, Prado.
Prasad: Yeah, go ahead.
Krish Naik: Sorry, in.
Krish Naik: Go ahead.
Prasad: Yeah, hi, everybody. Hi, I'm myself, Prasad. So, Trishna, I thank you. I think you're, you know, got my inspiration to, you know, start
Prasad: Thank you.
Prasad: So, I've been watching your videos since now then.
Prasad: That isn't…
Krish Naik: Professor, can you be a little bit louder? Your voice is…
Sunny Savita: Your voice is very low, Prasad.
Krish Naik: What's up?
Prasad: Oh, sorry, I mean, I don't know what to do, but yeah, I'm speaking out loud here. But anyways, yeah, so I, I truly appreciate it. And, speaking about Samni, can you, can we know about Sunni? Like, you know, we would like to know more about the instructor.
Krish Naik: Yeah, Sunny, give a brief introduction about yourself, man. You've missed that.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, sorry guys, so…
Prasad: I know.
Sunny Savita: I think I'm visible, right?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so my… myself, Sunny Savita, guys, in total, I have a 6-plus year of experience in the field of this data science and the generative AI.
Sunny Savita: I started my career from, one of the startups, and currently I'm working in, one of the MNC, in one of the, like, big four, and,
Sunny Savita: During my work experience, I work with across the domain, like pharma, finance, and,
Sunny Savita: FMCG, and from past 2 to 3 years, I'm actively working with this RAG system, agentic system, fine-tuning and all. And, along with my industry experience, I am teaching to so many students, I am running my YouTube channel.
Sunny Savita: I'm teaching in the live courses, so yeah, this is all about me.
Krish Naik: Yep, what's up?
Krish Naik: So, Sunny… Sunny is one of the mentors who is starting with us, with me, with our company. Like, we have worked together, we have understood a lot of things, we have taken many of our batches in an amazing way, okay?
Krish Naik: No, okay.
Sunny Savita: It's not notable, per se.
Prasad: I'm happy, yeah, thank you.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Prasad: Yay.
Krish Naik: Yeah, please, Amit Gupta, go ahead.
Amit Gupta: Yo, hey.
Amit Gupta: Hi, Grish Anderson. Actually, my question is…
Amit Gupta: So, mainly in AI terms, generally, we are facing some, means, differences, like, sometime, what is the main purpose of ML, LLM, SLM, agent, MCP?
Amit Gupta: Means quite… quite confused which one we can select.
Amit Gupta: For particular purpose.
Amit Gupta: And which one is the best, because the motor selection is very important, and.
Krish Naik: Let's say, Amit, I'll tell you a very shortcut thing for this, okay? It depends on your problem statement. Let's say that I want to create something where I am not focusing more on…
Krish Naik: you know, the accuracy parameters that are available in the internet. I want to use an LLM which…
Krish Naik: gets integrated easily with my business model, where my answer is more focused towards creating RAG, it can be a simple, simple chatbot assistant and all, right?
Amit Gupta: Okay.
Krish Naik: as we go ahead with the sessions, right, when you move towards RAG, evaluation metrics, and all, you'll understand automatically, right? Initially, we'll… we will try to teach each and everything, but at the right time, we will come up with problem statements, when should you use what, okay?
Amit Gupta: Okay, and one more thing, means in entire session, so, either we can do the local setup.
Amit Gupta: And, do the olama, or something else.
Krish Naik: Yeah, OLAMA can also be done by… OLAMA can be done, but we will try to use better, LLM models for that. OLAMA, the problem will be that I don't know what is the system configuration. You at least have to have 16 GB RAM
Krish Naik: to make a small language model work properly. Otherwise, it'll be a very hectic system that will happen for you, yeah? But we'll talk about it, okay?
Amit Gupta: And what about the architecture point of view? Which kind of architecture we will cover, and design patterns?
Amit Gupta: of.
Krish Naik: That is… which is basically followed in industries.
Krish Naik: Okay, to show you the best way, see, let's say that whenever we create any project, right, we design this kind of architectures, I'll show you. Do you see my project over here? So let's say that, I want to develop something. So this is how the architecture will be, you know?
Krish Naik: If you see different, different projects, different, different kind of architectures we specifically followed, let's say this one, with memory and tool calling. If you see, this is how the detailed architecture will be.
Amit Gupta: Okay, okay.
Krish Naik: So this level architecture, it'll be, you know? It'll not be a simple one.
Amit Gupta: Yeah, yeah. Actually, we are facing sometimes micro and microbes… microarchitectures, and how both can be combined and create a complete whole architecture, so…
Krish Naik: The pattern that we specifically follows till we create the APIs, right, to independently integrate anywhere, right? We may use microservices for a different problem statement, and we may try to change it based on different problem statements, okay?
Amit Gupta: Okay, okay, thanks. Thank you.
Krish Naik: Yeah, Bumika, go ahead, please.
Krish Naik: Bumika, you there?
Krish Naik: Unmute yourself, Bumika.
Krish Naik: Bumika, you there? I've unmuted you, come on.
Krish Naik: Unmute and talk, please.
Krish Naik: Okay, she's not talking, okay. Ruchi?
ruchi: Yeah, hi. Hi, Krisha. So, you know.
Krish Naik: them.
Krish Naik: Yep, please go ahead.
ruchi: I…
ruchi: Yeah, just, like, one question. So, you know, I am basically coming from a non-tech background, okay? The only reason for me to join this course is that I have always watched your videos and loved it, and, you know, now Gen AI is the future. So I'm basically playing the role of a
ruchi: delivery manager, okay? So my basic thing is only to ensure everything is fine. So I don't have any knowledge of coding or anything, but I'm eager to learn Python, because you had mentioned that only the basics of Python is needed for this course.
ruchi: So, just, just one, just looking for some mentoring from you. What should I do from my side to ensure, you know, this course is effective for me?
Krish Naik: Say,
Krish Naik: You really need to understand the in and out. I definitely will say that you'll not do coding, okay? But, architecture-wise, you'll need to understand how systems are basically integrated whenever you're trying to create an LLM application, what kind of use cases that you're developing. Let's say your team is developing RAG, so you should be there to put some kind of pointers, right?
Krish Naik: Let's say in RAG, there are multiple metrics. Context engineering, there is evaluation techniques, there is, evaluation metrics, like guardrails, this, that, and all are there. So when we teach these concepts, right, in your case.
Krish Naik: It is more like, you need to understand at a 100 feet overview about all those things, because tomorrow, whenever you go to the companies, you should be able to talk, you should be able to put your pointers in front of them, and that is how you can add values over there.
ruchi: But this course will actually help you to think in that… that…
Krish Naik: Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely. So we have added no-coding tools also for you, right?
ruchi: Exactly, exactly. I thought, let me clear, because when I was about to take this course, I've spoken to your instructor, and I made my thing clear, because, see, I didn't want it, you know, me to be a hurdle to others, you know, when others are showing great knowledge, and I'm lacking behind. But, you know, appreciate that, Chris, you know.
Krish Naik: No, no, it is very simple for you. See, based on your roles, again, I'm telling you now, the kind of roadmap that I've created, I'm focused on this pointer also.
ruchi: See, you have a son?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
ruchi: I saw the modules that you gave, and it was pretty awesome, because nowhere it ensured that, you know, you need somebody with 15 years of coding experience. It is more of understanding and how to integrate things, and, you know, more learning on our part also, Chris. So, you know, great, great modules, yeah. Thank you so much, Chris.
Krish Naik: Thank you. Thank you.
Krish Naik: Sunil Singh?
Krish Naik: Shobit?
SUNIL SINGH: Yeah.
SUNIL SINGH: More than one.
Krish Naik: Yeah, Sunil, go ahead.
SUNIL SINGH: So, this, Sami, Christopher, thank you for this opportunity.
SUNIL SINGH: and this course,
SUNIL SINGH: I just wanted to know, like, in my AI era, day by day, something is getting changed, or something new is coming.
SUNIL SINGH: So, tomorrow, if any new things could come, either from Anthropy, or OpenAI, or from any…
SUNIL SINGH: So, can we include this,
Krish Naik: Yeah, yeah, we will be including it. Till your batch gets over, we may add more modules, based on the requirement that is coming. It's like, okay, this thing is necessary to learn things, we will include it.
Krish Naik: Okay?
SUNIL SINGH: Okay, and second question I have… sorry, I'm talking about.
SUNIL SINGH: Second question I have, I'm interested to learn AI because I have completed your, your courses on looting.
SUNIL SINGH: And I have developed one chatbot also in my organization.
SUNIL SINGH: So…
Krish Naik: But I wanted to…
SUNIL SINGH: So… Whatever that they're in this labour, so are we going to learn from scratch?
SUNIL SINGH: Horrible, but…
Krish Naik: Yeah, so from, basics, we'll do the basic setup, then start, then build up, keep on building new things, yeah?
SUNIL SINGH: Thanks.
SUNIL SINGH: Thank you.
Krish Naik: Yeah, Shobit, go ahead.
Shobhit Gupta: Hi, Krish. Hi, Suni.
Krish Naik: Just a second, Shobit. Just a second, Shobit. Guys, whoever do not have any doubts, in the next weekend session, we are going to start with the system setup.
Krish Naik: Like, we'll be making you to install multiple IDs, we'll be doing the entire environment setup, everything. So all the installation will happen in the next weekend session, that is on Saturday, 8pm. If you don't have any queries, please do drop. Do not wait, because this session is going to go long, we are going to take up a lot of questions, and then…
Krish Naik: We are going to go ahead. Okay? Yeah, Shobit, go ahead, please. Sorry.
Shobhit Gupta: Thanks.
Shobhit Gupta: Actually, I have around, like, 10 years of experience overall in development, like, currently working in UAE in a bank. So my major, major part is I have some knowledge of this
Shobhit Gupta: AgentI system, right? I have built some kind of, some sort of internal tools as well, but I want to go in more depth, right? So, my main point is.
Shobhit Gupta: up to what extent do we need to learn AI and… Sorry, ML and DL basics, other than that what we have in this level, right?
Krish Naik: So, what is the experience, Shobit, sir?
Shobhit Gupta: I have, around 10 plus years of experience, and my 10,
Krish Naik: Then, after you get good hands-on on Generative AI and identity K, get a basic understanding of machine learning, deep learning. That is more than sufficient for you.
Krish Naik: Because now, the future is all about this only, right? You'll be starting talking about AI agents and new things that are coming up, right? Why I say you need to have knowledge about machine learning and deep learning is just to make a foundation strong, that's it.
Shobhit Gupta: Yeah, that's my main concern, yeah. Second question is, the projects we are including here is, like.
Shobhit Gupta: Is it more relevant to the industry standards? Like, what kind of a use case do we cover? So, is it the same thing, right?
Krish Naik: Same, yes, yes. Completely. Our syllabus is completely industry-oriented, sir.
Shobhit Gupta: Okay, third question is also, which I feel is very important for all of us, right?
Shobhit Gupta: other than these development parts, being an experienced engineer, you should also, like, we should also know about agenting system design. So, do you recommend something which we need to learn parallelly, or…
Krish Naik: No, no, no, don't worry. We will tell in the class, we'll give you assignments, we'll give you problem statements, we'll also conduct hackathons.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Shobhit Gupta: Okay, thanks.
Krish Naik: Yes.
Krish Naik: Yeah, next peop- next person.
Krish Naik: Who is this Zoom user?
Shashank Singh: Please go ahead. I'm audible.
Krish Naik: Yeah, Sushan, go ahead.
Shashank Singh: Yeah, I just have one query. So, like, I come from an integration background, okay? And I have around 10 to 11 years of
Shashank Singh: core integration developmental experience, so I'm well-versed with all the API concepts, REST, and everything.
Shashank Singh: the entire API development, I have done for 10 to 11 years. So I think that would be helpful to grasp up this Gen AI journey, right, from the scratch, if I have to
Shashank Singh: Because I can see a lot of API calling has been made in this course. This is what I anticipate.
Krish Naik: Yeah, yeah, you'll be able to understand it. It's more about setting up the API in your environment variable, and probably calling it in a way. We'll also be showing you some things, like how you can also keep a backup, like, let's say fallback is also option is there, okay? If one API is not working in another API, you can go ahead and all, okay? Okay.
Shashank Singh: So just API design patterns, some core basic knowledge of Java, and a proper, drag-and-drop tool there in API development, like Tipto MuleSoft. So that is my background. So I think that may be helpful to speed up compared to someone who has just
Shashank Singh: been a pass-out or something like? Is this… Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Krish Naik: It's more than sufficient, sir.
Shashank Singh: Awesome, yeah, sure, thank you.
Krish Naik: Yeah, next question. Zoom user, yeah.
Zoom user: Hey, Krish. Hi, my name is Bargo.
Krish Naik: Yeah, Margo, sorry. You have to rename your name.
Zoom user: Yeah, yeah, sure, I'll do that. Actually, I work as a validation engineer in a big company, a semiconductor company. So, what, what my company has introduced is, they have recently gave us the access to use the Gemini clients and, code agents to, like,
Zoom user: Write the test kits and all for, for the validation perspective.
Zoom user: So, what I feel is, like, maybe in a couple of years, our jobs will go away, you know, this, Gemini and all will replace us. I mean, if we stick to the existing, like, if we don't use, EI,
Zoom user: So that's the reason I have joined this class when I… when I saw the post in, somewhere, like, my friend posted this. So, where I can see myself, like, after completing this course, like.
Zoom user: Like.
Krish Naik: What is the experience? Can you talk about it more?
Zoom user: Initially, I've worked in the development team for, more than 6 years, like, 6 to, more than 6 to 7 years. Post that, I worked at the, customer engineering team, at the, like, engineer.
Zoom user: project, now I'm working as a validation engineer for the last 3 to 4 years, so I don't want to be a validation engineer, like, going up, like, going forward, so I want to become a, like,
Zoom user: engineering, AI development, or, like, I want to see myself in this, fast-moving,
Zoom user: technological world, so that's, like, I bet,
Krish Naik: So, sir, I'll suggest to you what you really need to do is that, once you learn this, right.
Krish Naik: See, based on your research work that you currently do, what all generative AI applications you can develop, what all agentic AI applications you can develop.
Krish Naik: Right?
Krish Naik: And then, once you understand, you'll automatically understand your role, where you'll be able to move, you know? The same domain, background, whatever knowledge you have. Now, additional skill sets that you have is with respect to AI and agentic AI, right?
Zoom user: Okay.
Krish Naik: Yep.
Zoom user: So, to cope up with the existing class, right? So, going through the videos, whatever you have posted in the app, right, is it… is it enough to…
Krish Naik: Yeah, sir, that is a detailed playlist, so I think it'll be more than sufficient. But again, if you want more, sir, we are there. Our AI Pro Batch is there, you can get access of everything. Okay.
Zoom user: Okay. Oh, sure. Thanks, Krish.
Krish Naik: Yeah, next question.
Aravind: Hey, hi, Krish. Hi, Sunny.
Aravind: So…
Sunny Savita: on order.
Aravind: This is Arvind. So, I have experience of around, you know, 12-plus years in the technical support role, which is backup and storage.
Aravind: So, basically, I don't have experience on the coding part, no experience on the thing. I have recently gained some experience on the Python basics. So, will that be sufficient to start with this course, or any other prerequisites I can go through.
Krish Naik: See, guys, for this batch, you need to be a very good Python developer.
Aravind: Okay.
Krish Naik: Because we are going to write a lot heavy code. Initially, it'll be simple, later on we'll add more complexity, later on, we'll move to modular coding. That's the reason whenever I announced this batch, I told you at least Python year. You need to have Python at any case.
Aravind: Sure. Apart from that, anything else I can, you know, also, do as a prerequisites before the first few weeks of the classes, which I can go for?
Krish Naik: Hey, if you don't know Python.
Sunny Savita: We can.
Krish Naik: move you to our 2.0 Ultimate Data Science Batch. Okay, so there we start Python from scratch, but again, for that also, one month session has been done. One and a half month session, okay? The best is that you can follow my YouTube videos, the link that prerequisite videos has been given, you follow the Python videos after you do the setup from the next class, okay?
Aravind: Sure, yeah. Thanks, thank you.
vijayanand palaniswamy: Hi, hi Krish, can you hear me?
Krish Naik: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, we joined.
vijayanand palaniswamy: Yeah, hi, I mean, I want to start off with, you guys are doing a very good job. Like, I saw a lot of you, and it's very clear, very detailed, and everything is precise. So, I have 3 questions. First thing is, I have a VS Code installed in my laptop that should be fine for developing, right?
Krish Naik: We will help you out, yeah, yeah, more than sufficient, but we will talk about what all tools you will be requiring from the next class. We will do the installation, like, we will show you the installation part, and then you can probably go ahead and join the installation.
vijayanand palaniswamy: Okay, another one is, like, do you guys cover ML lobs? Is there any session on ML lobs?
Krish Naik: So, in this case, it'll be a combination of MLOps and LLM Ops, since LLMs are being used, right? So, LLM Ops.
vijayanand palaniswamy: Oh, okay, okay, both. And what about, like, do you go much deep into, like, say, Langraph and Langchain?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
vijayanand palaniswamy: Or at the API.
Krish Naik: Very deep in it.
vijayanand palaniswamy: Okay, okay. That's one of my questions. Thank you.
Krish Naik: Yeah, Mohan, Akhil… Mohan?
Mohan: Yeah, hello.
Krish Naik: Yeah, hi, Moen, tell me.
Mohan: Hi, Krish. Hi, Sunny. Thank you for the good walkthrough of the course. So, I have a couple of queries. When the instructor is doing coding, we will be parallel doing the live code along, right?
Krish Naik: Yes, sir.
Mohan: Okay. So, and also, I have some 2 plus years experience, so… but I have to work.
Krish Naik: See, sometimes what happens is that, Mon, let me tell you that, let's say Sunny's coding. Your focus should be understanding coding what he's writing, right? Then he'll share you the materials, right? Then you can also go ahead and he'll give you some assignments there, only to add more modules. Then you can actually code along with him parallelly, okay?
Mohan: Okay, the materials will be, Google Drive links, or you can just.
Krish Naik: That we will… we will share it from GitHub, from ZIF files, and all in all. Don't worry.
Mohan: Yeah, okay, sure. So, basically, I don't have any prior experience working on cloud. So, some basics of AWS will be covered before.
Krish Naik: That will be covered, yeah.
Mohan: Yeah, okay.
Mohan: And, well, Sunny mentioned, like, for the GPU, he said, like, NVIDIA 4050 series is required. How much GB of RAM will be required, like, 4GB or 8GB?
Sunny Savita: So, yeah, at least to see, if you want to work with the quantized model, right? If you want to load the model using the OLAMA, then 8GB of VRAM is required.
Sunny Savita: Right? For the smooth experience.
Mohan: Oh.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Mohan: Thanks, and thanks, Kush.
Sunny Savita: Thank you. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so next question, sir, I cannot unmute, just a second.
Krish Naik: You take the…
Sunny Savita: Yo.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Amit, Akil, guys, anyone having any question, please go ahead.
Sunny Savita: Amit Akhil, Arvind is there, Mohan is done, now… Krishna, Anish.
Sunny Savita: Kiran, guys, anyone is there, please go ahead.
Ashish Jain: Sir, I am here. Can you hear me?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I can hear you, Asis. Please go ahead.
Ashish Jain: Thank you, thank you, Sunny. Thank you, Krish.
Ashish Jain: For a lot… like, it's great to be part of this batch. So, I have a couple of questions, and I came through these questions by listening to other people now. Sir, when you say microservices, so microservices, like, you will cover Docker server, these microservices will be specific to LLM.
Sunny Savita: Microservices with respect to the deployment.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Okay. So, yeah, so while we are deploying the application, we'll learn, AWS EKS, AWS ECS.
Ashish Jain: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Right? Okay. So, using that, we can, deploy our application as a microservices. Got it?
Ashish Jain: Oh, okay, sir. So I thought, doctor, thank you for clarifying it. And, sir, for doctor…
Sunny Savita: No, Docker actually will be required. Docker is a base of the microservice, okay?
Ashish Jain: Yes, yes, that's what I asked, right? I just want to, and, sir, will you cover some basics of FastAPI? I have heard a lot about FastAPI, GPUS.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely.
Sunny Savita: For building end-to-end application, FastAPI is required.
Ashish Jain: acceleration.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct. So we'll cover that, while we'll be doing the end-to-end project, at that time, we'll do, okay?
Ashish Jain: I have question, sir, regarding the NVIDIA. I just signed up
Ashish Jain: So, me being totally new to all of this stuff, can you… can you suggest, like, there are multiple, multiple courses Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, right? What all you think would be beneficial.
Krish Naik: See, focus more on generative AI, agentic AI, that is the core part of your syllabus, right? So focus on that, attend some of the sessions, you'll be able to understand things, okay?
Krishna: Hey, hi, this is, this is Christian.
Krish Naik: Wait, wait, wait, Krishna, wait, wait.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, let us complete.
Krish Naik: Ashish, continuing, please.
Ashish Jain: Thank you, thank you. Just one very last question. So, I also have, like, more than 10 plus industry experience, and what I would say is, like, I am in financial company, Synchrony Financial, that is more into bank, right?
Ashish Jain: And, somehow, like, my bank is trying to develop a financial trading model.
Ashish Jain: Which I understand is quite a complex thing. So, is there a possibility that somehow I can get… I understand that, not every topic and every business domain can be covered.
Ashish Jain: But is there a possibility? Is there some kind of, architecture.
Krish Naik: See, use case discussions you can actually do, yeah? Use case discussions and all, we may suggest you with different, different architectures, so when the courses will be going on, okay? Right.
Krish Naik: So, my suggestion would be that we'll keep some sessions specifically for this, so that you all come up with your own problem statement, and we may have a brief discussion, and from your colleagues also, you should be able to get more ideas out of it, right?
Ashish Jain: Nice.
Krish Naik: So we'll do, like.
Ashish Jain: Thank you. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, Ashish. Yeah, Krishna, please go ahead.
Krishna: Yeah, right, thanks. So, one thing you… I mean, I liked it is building the portfolio, right? About the brand, okay? Could you suggest some of the… this one portals, or where we can do a POC? I'm a seasoned technical, okay? So if you can give us something, that would be great, even we can practice on our own. I mean, I've been… I did my all AIML courses before.
Krishna: Other institutes, okay, other places.
Krishna: So, if you can provide something, that would be great. And second thing is the links that you are posting, can you use Notion or something, like.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so we'll give you all the resources, links, and all at the single place itself, whether it's our Notion or any other platform, okay? The second one is a POC, so we'll do the enough POC use cases and all everything here itself.
Sunny Savita: So as we will progress in the classes, you will get to know about some use cases and all, which you can build. Got it?
Krishna: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. But it's still, yeah, but it's still if you want to check some, use cases and all, right? So, what you can do, you can, go and check with the Hugging Face, Hugging Face Hub, right? Hugging Face Spaces.
Sunny Savita: So there, like, you will find out lots many AI-related use cases, which people are developing, making open source and all, right? There, you can follow some trend and all. Got it?
Krishna: Okay. Any GitHub specifically that you, you liked it most, or something? I mean, I saw some of your YouTube videos…
Sunny Savita: So many, yeah, so many GitHub links and all are there, right? So, we'll discuss that as we'll progress, so we can show you some open source GitHub and all, where you can find out some use cases and all, okay? There are so many, so how I can take at least one name. But yeah, as we'll progress, you will get to know about that. Got it?
Krishna: Yeah, okay.
Sunny Savita: Yep.
Krishna: Right, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thank you, Krishna. Now, Kiran, or… Anyone is there, please go.
Kiran Paithane: Hey, hey, hi, Sunny. Hi, Krish.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, hi, hiker.
Kiran Paithane: So, yeah, yeah, hi. So, like, I do… I am having experience in a backend, like, Python backend, more than 5 plus years, okay? So, like, my question is, like, how much, like, ML and deep learning knowledge is required?
Kiran Paithane: I'm totally in the development, okay? So, like, I don't have prior knowledge on ML and deep learning, but yeah, I've started just looking your YouTube videos and all. So, like, how much… like, can you please briefly explain about that?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so see, ML and DL knowledge is required to understand the theoretical concept. So, if we are understanding anything on a model level, on a mathematical level, right? So, those basic knowledge is required. Or in some time, or sometime, basically, they will ask you in an interview also.
Sunny Savita: Right? But if we are doing a practical thing, if we are creating any practical application, or currently, right, using the Gen AI, their ML and DL knowledge is not required. And in the industry, right now, most of the time, most of the, like, position, actually, you will find out around the JN AI agent AKI rag, and all, right? Where we are not developing a model from scratch.
Sunny Savita: Okay, like we were doing in ML and DL, okay? See, if you will see machine learning, so it is more about the statistic, okay? Right? Means we were using the statistic-based model, equation and all, right? If we talk about the deep learning, so it is about the neural network, okay? Now, we talk about the.
Kiran Paithane: Yes.
Sunny Savita: native AI, so it is a advanced neural network, or advanced mechanism, like transformer and all.
Sunny Savita: So nowadays, we are using this pre-trained model, okay, for developing any application. So those classical models, those classical training is not required currently, okay? So, and one more thing, see, what I have seen in the industry, some of the work, and the traditional work is also going around to the time series. So, if you're working with time series-related projects, then maybe you might use some machine learning model
Sunny Savita: Okay? Or some neural network-based model. But most of the time, basically, we are able to solve those use cases also using the large language model. Okay, so the conclusion is what? Everything we are able to solve using this large language model, and we require the practical knowledge of this generative AI. Okay, so if you are able to cover this ML and DL parallelly, right? Somehow, like, if you're getting some time, maybe one or
Sunny Savita: one week or two weeks of time. If you're able to cover the basics of the MLNDL, that will be more than sufficient for this entire course. Got it?
Kiran Paithane: Okay, okay, okay. So basically, I'm working in the cybersecurity, okay? So here also, like, I am getting some POC projects. The projects are not started yet, but yeah, in future, like, in upcoming months, they are starting. So that's why I asked, like, is there any prior knowledge required.
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, no, it is not required, okay? MLTL is, not required that much, okay?
Kiran Paithane: Okay, okay, thank you. Thank you, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
THR: Yeah, hi Krish, is Bala here? Can you hear me?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can go ahead, Wala.
THR: Yeah, hi, Chris. Actually, I'm a big fan of your organization, Christian Technologies. So, I was swallowing from Udemy, actually, so I was done the Python codes. Basically, I'm a full-stack Java developer as a lead position in my current organization, so I want to switch my career from Java to Gen AI, Argent AI with Python.
THR: So, I do have some questions, actually, here. So, currently, my organization is moving very, very fast forward to the adopting agent AI systems, actually.
THR: So, there, we are facing some problems, like, you know, how to build SLMs, because we are currently… we are making use of Bedrock, which currently uses Cloud, SONet 3.5 model or whatever, but thing is that, you know, our organization is security risk, so we want how we can build, you know, small
THR: business knowledge models, actually. So, are we going to cover this in this.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you can definitely fine-tune this model on your own domain-specific data. Small, language model means, which is having lesser parameter, and which you can easily load over the lower configuration, okay? So you can take those models, you can con… you can train it on your own domain-specific data, and then you can utilize that.
Sunny Savita: So, yeah, we'll understand that in this, in the module, I think, 3 or 4 itself, okay?
THR: Yeah, and one more question, so…
THR: Actually, so this is, this purely for AI engineer, writes this course, so I want to become, you know, AI strategist, actually. So, how can you, can you, can you please provide me a path, roadmap for, you know, to become an AI strategist? So, please.
Sunny Savita: EI is… EI is RPG.
THR: just…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, AI strategist, or AI Generative AI engineer, AI engineer, agentic engineer, AI architect, right? So, they all are… see, whatever position, whatever name you are hearing, right? So, this is a root syllabus for all those positions. The syllabus, basically, which I've shown you today.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So whether you're going to become AI strategist, or AI architect, gen AI engineer.
Sunny Savita: Right? At every places, you are going to be used the concept from here itself, right? Let's suppose you are an AI strategist. Now you wanted to build a solution for your company. Got it? You have to design a rack system. You're gonna learn that you wanted to design an agentic system. You're gonna learn that you wanted to design the no-code system, right? Yes, we're gonna learn that. Okay, you wanted to use the different, different components.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, all the components we have mentioned in the different other modules, okay? So, AI strategies, Gen AI engineer, AI architecture, the root syllabus is this syllabus only, which I've shown you today. Got it?
THR: Thank you, thank us, and thank you so much.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thank you. Yeah, Ruchi, Bhavesh, Surendra, guys, anyone is there, please go ahead.
surendra kumar: Yes, sir.
ruchi: Pardon.
ruchi: Sorry.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
ruchi: Yeah, so Python, so Python, you know, I… I mean, I don't know Python. So, so Python, basic Python is enough for the 6 months, or, like, you have to know really advanced Python? Because I've not done a single… single line of coding in Python, so just wanted to understand.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, see, if you don't know the Python, I would suggest you please learn it at least from the prerequisite video, okay? Because whatever development we are doing for that, the programming language will be required, and that is Python. Got it?
ruchi: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: So, learn Python, learn at least basics, so that you can understand the code. Got it?
ruchi: So, just the prerequisite, if I've…
Sunny Savita: That would be enough, then later on, as you will progress, you will automatically enter.
ruchi: Got it. What other thing is required? Any other coding language should I learn, or not?
Sunny Savita: No, see, coding language, actually, it changed, according to the development. If you're more focusing on the web side.
ruchi: No, no, no.
Sunny Savita: Now, for this course, Python is required, because majority AI development, we do in a Python itself, okay?
ruchi: Okay, sir, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir. Yeah, Loki, Surendra, guys, anyone is there.
Bhavesh Patel: Oh, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Good luck.
surendra kumar: Yeah, my name is Sreenra. Hey, Christian Sanit. Thanks for organizing this course.
surendra kumar: Thank you. I just wanted to have a couple of questions, like, how this will help you for the data engineering, actually, because my background is…
Sunny Savita: Complete.
surendra kumar: really data engineering, and I have experience in whatever the current gen, I'm doing small projects, so how this will help for the data engineering people, actually, so…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sure. So, if you wanted to transition from data engineering to the generative AI engineer, right? So, this course will be helpful for you. So, as a data engineer, you are more focusing on the data integration, data pipelines, ETL pipeline, right?
Sunny Savita: Right?
surendra kumar: Yeah, correct, yes.
Sunny Savita: Now, if you want to work with the LLMs, if you want to create an application around to LLM, then this course will be helpful for you. Understood?
surendra kumar: Yeah, and another thing is I have a couple of questions, sir. Can we include the conversion analytics kind of subject in this thing?
surendra kumar: Conway looks.
Sunny Savita: Conversation analytics, means, like, can you be more specific? Okay.
surendra kumar: So…
surendra kumar: Let's say you're using the LLM, right? So, we have the… I can create a semantic model on the database, so LLM will connect the semantic model, and it will give you the answers, whatever you ask, like, what is the current orders today, how many number of orders?
Sunny Savita: So, this is what we are doing in the RAG only, no? We'll understand that, sir. Okay, we'll go through with the complete RAG architecture in a very detail, and we can provide the, like, different type of context and all everything to the LLM, and LLM can answer based on that, okay?
surendra kumar: Yeah. Another thing is, can you include some Google Cloud thing, projects? I see the Abidjan, actually, so… so, if you can include the Google Cloud, that will be beneficial for us, actually, I mean, like… Okay, okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, at least one deployment, if I can show you with the Google Cloud, will include that, okay?
surendra kumar: Yeah, another thing is, like, I mean, is that the course is similar structure, what you've given some,
surendra kumar: Free CodeCamp, there is a one video, right, for your video. There is 26 hours or 21 hours. Is this the same, or a different?
surendra kumar: I just want to understand.
Sunny Savita: Okay, that is a fine-tuning one, right? So, yeah, you can learn the fine-tuning and all from there as well, and whatever we have to cover in this course, we'll cover that part, okay?
surendra kumar: Thank you.
Bhavesh Patel: Yeah, hello, sir.
Lokesh Aggarwal: Hey, I'm… hey, mate.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, we'll come to it. Wait, Lokesh, please go ahead. Surahindra, you are done, right?
surendra kumar: Yeah, I'm done, I'm done, yeah.
Lokesh Aggarwal: Yeah, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Hey, if, if your doubt is clear, then please, like, raise the hand. Okay, lower the hand. You are raising the hand now, then click again on that, lower the hand, okay? Yeah, locates, please go ahead.
Lokesh Aggarwal: So, I am already a student of this Data Science Bootcamp 2.0 course, okay? So, my question is, like, whether we will be covering on this Bootcamp, I mean, the other course, the January and agent in detail, or it will be a brief, I mean, brief introduction of January and Bootcamp. Maybe
Lokesh Aggarwal: I don't know, maybe, Krish, maybe answer on that part, I don't know. And another is, what level of Python coding experience is required? I know Python, but don't have a good hands-on on Python. I mean, I am between beginners to intermediate level.
Lokesh Aggarwal: And, third one is, yeah, these two questions I have, you know.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so basic to intermediate knowledge of Python is required. Okay, Lokesh. And, yes, we're, covering AgentK, whatever module, I have,
Krish Naik: No, no, no, I think he's asking about 2.0. Lokesh, the thing is that, whatever things we are covering with respect to Generative AI and agentic AI, here, it will be more in-depth.
Sunny Savita: Mia.
Krish Naik: Over there, up till some level, so that you get started with the traditional route, you reach a level, and then the advanced level is basically this modern route, okay?
Lokesh Aggarwal: Okay, okay, so Python, I mean, I can… I mean, I can continue with this course as I have a theoretical, or a…
Lokesh Aggarwal: between, idea about how to, you know, I mean, code in Python, but not having a good hands on Python.
Sunny Savita: If you understand Python, that is fine, Lokesh. Okay, I think you are already learning Python there, correct?
Lokesh Aggarwal: Yeah, it's already done. It's already done.
Lokesh Aggarwal: So, you know, ML and deep learning concepts, that I have already undergone, I mean, from.
Lokesh Aggarwal: another, another, you know, online education program, so that I've already completed, but, yeah, the coding level, where I am lacking is, so that's the only problem, where I think.
Sunny Savita: See, if you have a basic understanding of the Python, right, during this course, that will also work. So, like, as you are learning, as you are progressing in the course, at that time also, you can cover up all the concept of the Python, and you can make your understanding more concrete, okay? So don't worry about that. You have, like, enough amount of time. Within 2 to 3 months, be strong enough Python, and then you can understand all the project and all. Got it?
Lokesh Aggarwal: Oh, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yo.
Shaik Mazeed: Hello.
25545 _Sabari Rajan venkatesan: Aye.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Bhaves, Sri.
Bhavesh Patel: Yeah. Alright.
Sunny Savita: Ramya.
Bhavesh Patel: Yeah, I'm Bhavesh Patel. Hi, Krisha and Sunny. Thank you so much for a detailed course. I have two questions. One is related to REP. Currently, I'm working on the REB.
Bhavesh Patel: And what thing I found is that, while in the Rec pipeline, if certain things are unstructured, like images and videos and other things, so can you add the Docklin open source, how in the rec pipeline, so we can…
Sunny Savita: I have added one module that is multimodel, right? Okay, so there will cover that, those, libraries. Got it?
Bhavesh Patel: Okay, sir, and one more thing that, if, currently, what I am doing, I'm self-hosting everything. For example, my vector database, Quadrant or superbase, I'm self-hosting that N8, and also I'm self-host, and I'm using the OpenAI API key for the inference and embeddings, other things.
Bhavesh Patel: So, what is your suggestion? If we go for the production-grade enterprise-level applications that we have to deploy on AWS, or we can do, like, this only, self-host everything? So, what's your viewpoint on that?
Sunny Savita: Sir, it depends, actually. So, what kind of infrastructure you are using in the industry.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, if the means the project is completely over the AWS, then you are going to be using the AWS only, right? It comes, like, under their protocol, right? And, it varies team to team. So, in my organization also, I was working with one of the teams, so they were completely using the Azure. Then I shifted to the team, they were using the AWS, okay? And one of their models, they have hosted on their own server, okay, on their own
Sunny Savita: So, it depends. It, like, a base… it depends, like, team to team, company to company. Got it?
Bhavesh Patel: Correct, and I like the sentence that Chris told that, share your knowledge before it becomes meaningless. Thank you so much.
Bhavesh Patel: Hello.
H243774: Hello.
nagesh.gc: Hello?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so, Sri, Sri, you can go, or Ramya, if you're there, you can go.
sree k: I'll…
ramyasowmian: Hi, this is, Soumyeon. I have joined on behalf of Ramyan.
ramyasowmian: In the name of Ramyan, sorry, sorry for that. Actually, I have two… a couple of queries, related to, JN AI. Basically, I'm…
ramyasowmian: I'm into the IT industry for more than 15 years, and my basic domain is DevOps and cloud platform engineer.
ramyasowmian: So, I just want to know how generative AI would make me,
ramyasowmian: helpful in my day-to-day routines, or is this a separate part apart from what I'm doing?
Sunny Savita: So, see, generative AI, basically, it's going to help you in AI development, okay? So, let's say if you are going to be developing a product, so in that ca- in that, actually, if you have to be, like, integrate the AI, right? So this entire course, this entire syllabus is going to be help over there.
Sunny Savita: Now, cloud side, DevOps side, yes, so that comes in the production, that comes in, during the deployment, okay? So that's going to be remains same. And later, basically, you will see, like, at many places, basically, we are going to be use this AI coding assistant, or Agent API also for the cloud development as well.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, if you have knowledge of the AI on a development side, and if you understand how to use AI, okay, for writing the configuration for the cloud and all, I think that would be… that will be really good for you. So, if you have knowledge of the DevOps, if you are deploying the application since a long year, then learn the AI, understand the role of the AI in a development, and then later on, you can integrate the same knowledge.
Sunny Savita: In the DevOps and the deployment also, okay?
ramyasowmian: Okay, one another question is, actually, my wife, she's a, iOS developer.
ramyasowmian: So, how, how, this generative AI would make helpful in, Development of iOS.
Sunny Savita: So, whether it's iOS development, Android, web development, right? So, everywhere we are using the LLMs model, just to provide the intelligence to the software.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so let's say if you are going to build any service, any software, or any program, right, for your system, for your mobile system, right? Anywhere, right? So there, you can utilize this LLM, LLM API, just to provide some intelligence.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point. So, in every sort of a development and everywhere, basically, you can use this AI.
Sunny Savita: Understood. So, to having a knowledge of the LLM, like, how to read the model, how to integrate with the data, basically external data that comes under the rag, agent AKI, how to plan, right, how to provide the, like, some context to the LLM, how to evaluate that, right? So, those kind of things will be required in any sort of… any sort of a development.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, along with the iOS or Android development, if you have, like, some hands-on with the AI LLM model, that would be well and good.
ramyasowmian: Okay, thank God.
Sunny Savita: the ultimate loan?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, just a sec.
nagesh.gc: Can I go?
H243774: Hello.
Sunny Savita: Wait, wait, wait, Nagesh. I think, Soumya's… you are done, right, Soumya? I think I cannot see you… see you.
ramyasowmian: Yeah, yeah.
H243774: Hello?
Sunny Savita: Okay, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Just, just wait. Sri, Sri, first you go, Sri.
sree k: Hey, hi, can you… can you hear me?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I can hear you.
sree k: Yeah, I see.
sree k: Hi, Krisha and Sunny. Actually, most of the doubt's clear by asking the other participants, so I'll leave
sree k: Last one, do you want to check it? Will you also cover the production-related challenges, what people face, like, handling special costs, basically, like.
sree k: We're so under the environment.
sree k: Oh, good.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so whatever.
sree k: application.
Sunny Savita: we are going to build, right? It will be, like, near to production grade, okay? Means you will understand everything from development to deployment. Got it?
sree k: Thanks.
Sai kumar: Yeah.
Krish Naik: You will be seeing that, when we are doing the deployment, right, we also will face issues. At that time, you will also have to help us out to do the deployment.
sree k: And then, lastly, I want to thank Sirish, because I've been following you from, I think, more than 5 years.
sree k: And, thanks to you, giving these valuable resources, yeah.
Krish Naik: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, user, please go ahead.
Sunny Savita: And…
Gauri Shankar Choudhary: honey.
Sunny Savita: Write your correct name while you are joining this meeting, okay?
25545 _Sabari Rajan venkatesan: Yeah, yeah, sure, sure. Hi,
25545 _Sabari Rajan venkatesan: This is Sabre here. I just want to understand one thing. So, in the course syllabus, we see, like, we understand the concepts, and we have our projects, right? So, in between, I was just thinking, in the industry, if you want to build a product, right, we need to have a product sense and product thinking capabilities. How you discover, how you're going to use it, how you're going to do the A-B testing, the user experience, and everything.
25545 _Sabari Rajan venkatesan: Right?
25545 _Sabari Rajan venkatesan: So, I see if we have any… anything on… before going into the projects, how we could think of building a product is one thing.
25545 _Sabari Rajan venkatesan: And number two is, about the wipe coding. There are a lot of things on VIP coding coming up, like lovable, Replator. Do you have anything that could be incorporated to have some understanding of that as well? These are two questions I had.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, definitely. See, whenever we'll start any project, okay, so we'll think in the same way. Means, first, we'll go through with the use case, now after the use case, basically, we'll design the high-level architecture, then low-level design of it, then we'll develop it, okay? And after that only, we'll deploy.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? So we'll follow the same, SDLC flow. Got it?
25545 _Sabari Rajan venkatesan: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, and the second question, what you asked, sorry, I missed that.
25545 _Sabari Rajan venkatesan: on, both of us.
Sunny Savita: Right, Vivecoding, yeah. So, Vivecoding is… live coding is definitely required, right, and you will have to use any of the AI coding assistant if you want to be a faster and the productive. So, as I told you in the initial of the syllabus discussion, right, so we are going to discuss the AI Coding assistant. So, I will focus over the GitHub Copilot.
Sunny Savita: The second, basically, I'll give you some hands-on over the cursor also, and the third is the cloud code, okay?
25545 _Sabari Rajan venkatesan: Sure, yeah, thanks, thanks.
Gauri Shankar Choudhary: Hmm, thanks so much.
Sai kumar: Yeah.
Gauri Shankar Choudhary: It's quite good.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so, Thakur, you can go ahead, Thakur.
Thakor Patel: Yes, hey Shani. Hey, Chris, thank you for hosting this session, and I have followed your videos before also. I did some work also. My main background is, you know, unique system administration, along with storage.
Thakor Patel: and networking too, and I have cell scripting experience, as well as Python, but not as an application developer, but infrastructure point of view.
Thakor Patel: My goal, I'm going to work on the security vulnerability, you know, remediation for all the infrastructure we have in the firm, and I would like to build the agentic AI approach, to use that, you know, CV exposure, nationally published CVs, you know, scan it through QALIS or different tools.
Reyansh Goel: And then.
Thakor Patel: prepared the remediation solution, like maybe Ansible playbooks or any other way. We will not have direct route access to the servers to execute those, but at least I want to prepare that solution until that level, and then we can give it to the operation teams. They can execute.
Thakor Patel: Is there any infrastructure-related project you guys are considering?
Sunny Savita: Infrastructure-related, means there we are going to be set up the info and all in that sense, you are asking?
Reyansh Goel: luckily.
Sunny Savita: Or… whatsoever.
Thakor Patel: No, I mean, the things, what I explained to you about the, you know, security vulnerability exposure, right? So, I just want to develop the solution.
Sunny Savita: Well…
Thakor Patel: lot of steps involved, like, you know, I might have to use RESTful APIs to different sources, like, you know, QALIS or checkmarks or SonarCubes, where they publish the security vulnerability, and then we have to scan it to our servers, where it is compromised or not, and then we need to generate the report and, you know, remedies and solutions.
Reyansh Goel: Where do you want to say?
Thakor Patel: which will have playbooks or anything. So, I mean.
Thakor Patel: I'm looking for that kind of,
Reyansh Goel: Correct.
Thakor Patel: Projects, if there is anything you are considering here.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so you are saying, you wanted to automate using the agent API, that one, right?
Sunny Savita: So, yes, we are going to solve a couple of use cases, using the Agentech AI, and after that, basically, you will be able to integrate in any of the use cases.
Reyansh Goel: Okay? Right.
Thakor Patel: So, my future plan will be to store those results into the RAC database, and, you know, if that comes again, we don't need to go to LLM, we can just pass the results from the local database.
Sunny Savita: So that thing you can do. See, the… already I, mentioned this module, drag agents, right? And we are going to discuss that deeply.
Reyansh Goel: I'll give.
Sunny Savita: I'm saying after completing that, you can integrate any of the use cases, okay?
Thakor Patel: Yeah, and like, my Python scripting level is intermediate. I mean, I'm not.
Reyansh Goel: Nope.
Thakor Patel: like a super smart, I mean, fully experienced. I hope that will help me.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, if you know intermediate, that is well and good, okay? You can cope up with the projects and all.
Parth Shah: Can I go.
Sai kumar: Hi, Sunny.
Reyansh Goel: I have some more.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, just a second, guys.
Sai kumar: Yeah…
Sunny Savita: Guys, once your question is done, then please lower the hand, okay?
nagesh.gc: Can I go ahead?
Sai kumar: Listen.
Sunny Savita: Magesh, if you are there, please go ahead.
nagesh.gc: Samuel.
Sunny Savita: Yup.
nagesh.gc: Yeah, first of all, thank you, Krisha and Sunny, for coming up with this course. So, I'm into testing background, having 11 to 12 years of experience, and I'm not completely into coding background, and I'm a functional tester. And looking at the syllabus, I'm a bit scared, I'm in a different track, I feel.
Reyansh Goel: Into the.
nagesh.gc: course. And.
Reyansh Goel: Coming to the.
nagesh.gc: coding part, I'm an intermediate, and does DSA level of coding expert, is it really required?
Reyansh Goel: Notice.
Sunny Savita: BSA level of expertise is not required.
Reyansh Goel: Okay.
Sunny Savita: That is required while you are preparing for any, product-based company.
Sunny Savita: Right? At that time, it might be required just to clear the interview, but not for this course and for the projects. Got it?
Reyansh Goel: No.
nagesh.gc: Okay, thank you. And my organization is tied up with OpenAI, and they're really encouraging us to learn with respect to AI, ML, or anything. But, I do not… at this point, I do not know where do I fit in exactly, so I just picked up this course, watching Chris's YouTube videos and all.
nagesh.gc: So, I'll…
nagesh.gc: So, like, there, I mean, we have some kind of POC, experimental kind of, projects and all. Do you think, like, after completion of this course, like, I should be able to contribute to that group?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, definitely, sir. See, it is more than OpenAI. We are going to explore so many things, so once you will get an exposure of all those things, you can easily contribute over there, okay?
nagesh.gc: Okay, okay, thank you so much, once again, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Santos, please go ahead.
Santosh: Hey, hey Krish and, Sunny. Myself, Santosh,
Santosh: Yeah, I have over 18 years of experience as a Senior Solution Architect. Yeah, first of all, you know, thanks to the course and the outstanding syllabus and curriculum, I really like it. I would like to ask a couple of questions.
Santosh: Regarding, you know, I… I did… I learned, myself, from last 3 months, by looking at YouTube, and I built, a MCP server, and also I…
Santosh: modernized one of the legacy applications and converted that into the modern frameworks with Spring Boot and Angular and all that.
Santosh: So, I would like to know what is the better, path towards myself to see myself as an AI architect in next, year or so. So, is this a course that would cover… I know the… I mean, I have been learning myself with the different videos, but I wasn't able to…
Santosh: getting the foundation knowledge, you know, I want… I was…
Santosh: I always feel like I'm missing something, so I thought this course would give the foundation knowledge, along with the path forward to the next level as an architect, right?
Krish Naik: Yes, sir.
Krish Naik: So, the kind of use cases we'll be discussing here, right? See, actually, since you are 18 plus years of experience, see, any course that we bring up, right, we are making sure that this course is applicable for everyone, you know?
Krish Naik: For people who are at your level, so whatever architecture we'll be discussing about, the project use cases, the rack complexity of the use cases that we'll be defining, right? It'll be very, very helpful for you.
Santosh: Okay, sounds good. And one more question. I know you put a module on the Amazon Bedrock. Would you include Amazon Agent Core and also Agent Gateway?
Krish Naik: Or you can request it to Sunny, Sunny will try to put that also, okay?
Santosh: Yeah, okay, sounds good, yeah, thank you. I appreciate your effort, guys.
Krish Naik: Thank you.
Parth Shah: Can I go ahead, Sunny? Parath here.
Krish Naik: Yeah, please go ahead.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Parth Shah: So, first of all, thank you so much. I'm really excited to be part of this course, and Krish, like, everybody follows you, and really thank you for putting almost, like, so many content in the YouTube for free, for so much of valuable knowledge you have shared across the community. Thank you so much.
Krish Naik: Thank you, sir.
Parth Shah: I have 16 years of experience in a… and I'm currently working with a Citibank at Pune.
Parth Shah: So, my question was, are we going to cover any sort of UI tools? Like, it will be a UI interaction-based application, right? Or it will just be a backend solution which we're going to implement?
Krish Naik: UI-based tools, can you give some examples?
Parth Shah: So, basically, it will be an interaction-based application, right, which we are going to, create. So, to create the UIs in Gen AI, do we have a specific technology, or do we use.
Krish Naik: Already, when we use Langchain and all, right? So Langchain provides an amazing platform, which is called as Langsmith. So it is a completely UI-based, where you'll be able to see the workflow running.
Krish Naik: And, let's say that whenever we try to do some kind of deployment, we may use some of the tools. Otherwise, we may use some no-code tools, like NATN and all.
Krish Naik: Okay, so that will be like a drag and drop, integrating those things, designing the entire workflow and all.
Parth Shah: Okay, okay. Thank you so much, yeah.
Shaik Mazeed: Hello.
Gauri Shankar Choudhary: Hello? Can I go here now?
Krish Naik: One second, Sheikh Mazid, please go ahead.
Shaik Mazeed: Yep, yep.
Shaik Mazeed: Thank you, thank you, for both of you, Sunni and Krisha.
Shaik Mazeed: So, just I have a question. I have, 8 years of working experience in Java and the frameworks. Now I want… I'm planning to translate into this, Gen AI. So, just I want to understand, like, let's suppose after learning 6 months of this course, where can I go in to fit into? Like, I need to integrate Java with, these LLMs and all.
Shaik Mazeed: that path, or otherwise I need to completely change, from Java to Jennai engineer. Where I going to be working?
Krish Naik: Since you're already from the programming background, I think learning Python is… will be very, very easy for you, okay? Also, Java has an integration way of integrating all these LLMs, building agentic AI applications and all. So, get an idea, try to work out with Python. You can take both the path. Both the path is open for you.
Krish Naik: You know?
Krish Naik: Either you can be over there means, like, your scope of work will be increasing, you know, because you'll be happy.
Krish Naik: idea of Java also, and how to build all agility applications with Python. But right now, Python is the most popular programming language currently being used.
Krish Naik: Because of the libraries and all that is available. Okay?
Shaik Mazeed: Okay, yep, because I have a experience.
Krish Naik: And if you're going with Java, there is something called a Spring AI, I guess. So there, also, you can.
Shaik Mazeed: We do have a spring AI, yes, yes. No, just, let's suppose if I want to translate into completely Gen AI, but I don't have any practical experience on the project, like, you know, as I told you, I am a senior software engineer, so how can I climb that experience? Let's suppose if I then want to.
Krish Naik: That is very simple. I'll show you a strategy, which I've also told my earlier students also. Once you go through the course, right, then the kind of work that you are currently doing may be with different tech stack.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Shaik Mazeed: Different.
Krish Naik: tech stack. Try to implement, or try to implement the same POC with this tech stack, what we are learning right now.
Krish Naik: And that would be a very good added value kind of project, POC project in your resume, which you can clearly explain.
Shaik Mazeed: Cleared.
Krish Naik: You're not faking that experience, you're saying that, okay, I've worked in this, I've used this technology, now I'm using this technology to do it.
Shaik Mazeed: Okay, so whatever POSS we are doing, just I need to mention that these things I have been working from last.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Shaik Mazeed: The one year around Adopium, like, the time you took climate, right?
Krish Naik: Yeah, how much time you have invested that many number of years, don't, put fake… some guy.
Shaik Mazeed: Yeah, that's what I'm telling. Like, I'm planning to put one or one and a half year, like, effort. After that, I want to try planning for a job, that's the reason I'm telling.
Krish Naik: So there was one joke, right? There is something called as Fast API, okay? And some job post was put that 5 to 6 years of experience on Fast API is required.
Krish Naik: Then the creator pinged over there. I just created FastAPI one and a half year back, okay? So, I don't…
Krish Naik: That way, it'll not work. Nobody can say I'm 15 years experience in Jennai, right? Who can say?
Shaik Mazeed: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Jennai just come 3-4 years back, right?
Shaik Mazeed: Thank you, sir, thank you so much for helping.
Reyansh Goel: My equation.
PRAKR: Nope.
Krish Naik: Riyanj Goel, after this, wishwash can go. Okay, Rianj Goel?
Reyansh Goel: Yes, I hope I'm audible.
Krish Naik: Yep.
Reyansh Goel: Okay, hi Kresh. Hi, Sanil. First of all, thank you for such a great course.
Sunny Savita: Into.
Reyansh Goel: So I have two questions. Firstly, I have received a requirement in the… I basically am a Power B expert in my organization.
Reyansh Goel: And I received a requirement from the project where we need to build some kind of application on top of the Power BI dashboards, kind of some conversational analytics that can, you know, talk to each of the dashboards that are there in the workspace.
Reyansh Goel: I think this is one of the use cases that we can discuss, but that will be something later we'll be doing, you know, when we discuss the use case.
Reyansh Goel: The second question is one thing. I was going through the projects that are there on freshnac.n.
Reyansh Goel: And I didn't find something on stock or some trading. Is there any specific reason you left… you leave that out, or, I mean, you're planning on what?
Krish Naik: See, trading in stock is something… it's a very risky thing, you know?
Krish Naik: And still, I believe that AI cannot
Krish Naik: automate those things. Yes, some amount of analysis you can actually do, so we are not focusing on those kind of projects itself.
Krish Naik: Yep.
Reyansh Goel: Got it. Thank you so much.
Krish Naik: Yeah. Otherwise, tomorrow, someone will say, you developed that project, I put all my money over there, and now it is Damal, gone.
Krish Naik: Like that, it'll happen, you know? They'll come back to us. Yeah, Vishwash, go ahead, please.
vishwas Hk: Hi, hi, Krish. So, firstly, thanks. So, from past 5 years, you are my technical guru. I become… I became a data analyst from your courses in general electricals.
vishwas Hk: Then, I become a data scientist. Currently, I'm in Deloitte, but previously I was in Mercedes, I've become a data scientist from you.
vishwas Hk: Again, from your courses. Now, I joined Deloitte as a senior consultant.
vishwas Hk: So, but here, currently, I'm more focused on to data engineering parts, so creating ETLs for dashboard systems.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
vishwas Hk: For multiple clients. So, but currently, I'm a little bit confused about my career path, because I have… there are kind of sprinkles across analytics, engineering, and ML aspects. In Mercedes, I was taking care of CNN project. I used to validate the model.
Krish Naik: See, my suggestion, this is this to every field out there, okay? Whatever current work you are doing.
Krish Naik: Just add on top of that GenAI and Agentic AI skillset, along with some foundation of data science. I think you will be open to any kind of challenge that comes in the industry in the upcoming two to three years.
Krish Naik: That would be my suggestion. Whatever things you are… see, from past 5 to 6 years, I have suggested so many people to take AI. People used to say AI is just a hype.
Krish Naik: You know, AI will not be able to do this, not be able to do that. Now you see where we are.
vishwas Hk: Yeah.
Krish Naik: 2013, I started working in AI. 2013 was my first year of working in AI, and I've developed a simple, basic machine learning project. At that point of time, I understood this is going to be the future, but many people did not believe that. I told many of my friends, right?
Krish Naik: The best thing is that whatever work that you are currently doing, do that. On top of that, you try to add GenAI and a GenT AI skillset with basic foundation of data science. That's it.
vishwas Hk: So, but the point is, Krish, currently I'm working on fabric, so I think you are aware, fabric is.
Krish Naik: Yeah, fabric.
vishwas Hk: black and roll.
Krish Naik: Yeah, yeah.
vishwas Hk: doesn't have much of coding aspects in it. So I was planning to brush up myself on coding and ML concepts. So, up to what extent we have to go through in Python coding? Python, again, I'm telling you.
Krish Naik: When you talk about Python, Python is an easy programming language. Be the best in Python. When I say be the best in Python, understand how to write modular coding, how to develop projects. If you know this much, that is more than sufficient.
vishwas Hk: And DSS native?
Krish Naik: Pardi? BSA?
vishwas Hk: BSA is needed, data structures.
Krish Naik: See, data structures in Python is almost inbuilt. When you talk about lists, dictionaries, sorting, all these are basically inbuilt. You're not a fresher right now. If you are a fresher, I would suggest if you're targeting product-based companies, then have some proper understanding of DSA and others. See, in the future, many people, when they talk about simple wipe coding techniques, they're going to write the code with the help of LLM only.
vishwas Hk: Oh, my God.
vishwas Hk: all the.
Krish Naik: basic data structures work, all the basic use cases. Challenges will come where that kind of pattern you have found out for the first time, okay, this is a problem statement to solve, and you don't know how to solve it. Even LLM won't be able to give you the solution, right? At that time, that is where the human being will come into existence.
vishwas Hk: One last question, I won't take much time. So, should I focus more into D vertical, or put all my concentration in generative AI for now?
Krish Naik: Again, I'm telling you, DE vertical is your bread and butter right now.
Krish Naik: Okay, don't move out of it. Since you're working in a consultancy company like Deloitte, you may get opportunities in the future, if you say that, okay, I know GenAI identifier skill set, right? Tomorrow, the opportunities will come, right? So, Sunny is also working in one of the top four, right? So, there are also multiple opportunities will come.
Krish Naik: You should be open to it. Whatever skill sets that you have, you put that in your profile, keep on adding skill sets, like Gen AI and agentic AI, you know how to build AI agents. That is required by the company.
vishwas Hk: Okay, fine. Thanks, Krisha, it was nice talking to you.
vishwas Hk: You are… you are the person who helped me to… for what I am today.
Krish Naik: Thank you, sir.
Krish Naik: I'm blessed. I'm blessed to have many people around me. I'm blessed to have all my mentors around me. I'm blessed to have my team around me. That's the best feeling that I can get.
vishwas Hk: The best experience I had with you is, you were take… you were on a live interview on YouTube, and you have… and one more person on the panel hired that guy. I still remember that video. That was my motivation to become a data scientist.
Krish Naik: Thank you, thank you.
vishwas Hk: Thank you, Vish.
Gauri Shankar Choudhary: Hello? Good morning.
PRAKR: Hello? Yes, sir.
Krish Naik: One lady, one lady's trying to talk. One lady's trying to talk, okay. What was that? Baka.
Krish Naik: Prokria.
PRAKR: Hi, sir. I didn't have any specific questions, sir. I just wanted to mention a special thank you and your team for an outstanding bootcamp course, sir. Taking learners from curious to industry-ready level, and I think your expertise in making Gen AI practical and professional grade is exactly what
PRAKR: education world reads now, and thank you so much for your contribution, so I think happy learning for everyone today.
Krish Naik: Thank you. Thank you.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Gauri Shankar Choudhary: Can I remove it?
Koneru: cushion.
Krish Naik: Yeah, Gauri shank.
Gauri Shankar Choudhary: Hi, yeah, so my question, basically, regarding on the project and the training part, so, when we work into the actual environment, I… I had already gone with some of the training on the Udemy, or the, Google, or the live classes also. So, generally, the project which has come, they took the prediction of the house, house rent, prediction of the house rate.
Gauri Shankar Choudhary: or the email is, something or not. So, here we are going to go with any specific domain, kind of the project, like predicting the price, or the correct price, or just, we are going to build in the rack, chat kind of the model, or complete pipeline, which can automate, what currently we are manually, doing kind of stuff.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so see, this GenAI project, actually, it is more than this, to predict house price and all, okay? And, we have mentioned the project in such a way that it's going to be used across the domain.
Sai kumar: Right?
Sunny Savita: So, if you will see our first project, Document Portal, right? You can use it in any domain.
Sai kumar: Alright.
Sunny Savita: Okay, SDLC, automation.
Sunny Savita: Right? Any… in any domain, you can use that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, report generation.
Krish Naik: And let me talk about this project, okay? Sunny, just give me a minute, okay? This project is so much generic that you can apply it anywhere.
Krish Naik: Tomorrow you go to any company, the first thing they'll ask you, suggestion, you tell, okay, let's create a rag for this. Let's automate this thing.
Sunny Savita: He'll give.
Krish Naik: view the documents, different kind of documents, whatever data, create that RAG database, create that entire RAG application. That's it.
Krish Naik: Good use case, and Sunny suggested this particular use case to be put up over here, because it gets applied to whether you're coming from finance, medical, anything, e-commerce, everywhere this will be applicable. Yeah, continue, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, seriously.
Sunny Savita: I think it is clear, right?
Gauri Shankar Choudhary: Yes, sir.
Gauri Shankar Choudhary: a follow-up question, like, into the, fine-tuning. So, basically, when we see, the project, so, and, during the training, we get almost, near to clean data, but in actual environment, when we see, the data will be, very much raw. So, there in the course, it's going to be include, anything on the, like, cleaning of the raw data and making.
Gauri Shankar Choudhary: For the training of the model, or for the fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, definitely, sir, that will be included, right? Let's say if I'm going to read any data, so the basic level of cleaning will have to do.
Sunny Savita: So, let's see, if you are asking on an industry level, right, so we are gathering our data for a year, for 6 months, 8 months, and that kind of cleaning and pipeline we are going to be built. So, that is a, like, different kind of thing, okay? Which we are doing in a real time. But yeah, we are getting that touch only in our project.
Sunny Savita: We are getting our data, we'll be getting our data, we're doing some processing on top of it, and then we are reusing it. Understood. Obviously, we are doing it in our project, that, like, complete pipeline we are going to follow, okay?
Gauri Shankar Choudhary: Yeah, so other thing I saw that, like, a lot of the API calls, so, but again, when we work on the, defense project, so there will have a lot of, restriction on calling the API, so need to be… take, some basic, model, and then top of that, do whatever we want to do, or the specific, use case.
Gauri Shankar Choudhary: So, that's going to be included, or we just go with the, like, using OpenAI, or the ChatGT, or, Gemini, any kind of the available, APIs?
Sunny Savita: Yes, so we'll mostly use the free API so that everyone can use, but I'll include the OpenAI also, OpenAI-based model also for some agent tech application, okay?
Gauri Shankar Choudhary: Okay, so that can be in-house, used, with complete…
Sunny Savita: Now, basically, it is a difference. See, as I told you, you know, at most of the pluses, cloud-managed API is being used.
Sunny Savita: For the security.
Gauri Shankar Choudhary: So that I got. So AW…
Sunny Savita: as Bedrock and Azure Co-Foundry will understand, but if you're asking if you're going to host a model on your own server, and then you are going to use, so I included one module, module number three. How to, like, take your model, train your own data, host it as an API, and then use it. So in a similar way, you also can follow.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Gauri Shankar Choudhary: Okay, oh yeah, thank you.
Koneru: Can I… can I go next?
Sunny Savita: You can go outside.
Sai kumar: Yeah, thank you so much. Thank you so much, Sunny, actually. I really appreciate it, and thank you so much, Krish, for this course. First of all, I would like to say that, you know, I've been following you ever since you have, like, 2K subscribers in YouTube, that you are actually… explanation is quite a good, I mean.
Sai kumar: I'm basically, I'm an engineer. I mean, I'm a civil engineer. I have, like, 5 years of experience in, you know, in civil engineering stuff that I… But one other thing that I, you know, one of the things that makes me to take this course or, you know, want to learn more about the AI is actually not many of the people are actually concentrating in this side of
Sai kumar: core engineering background. I know most of the people are…
Sai kumar: Maybe some people who are there in the meeting as well, who are actually in the background of civil, electrical, mechanical.
Sai kumar: Who want to automate their day-to-day stuff. the main part we try to do is, like, you know, we try to design. Most of the people who are actually in the core engineering department would do at least the design part.
Sai kumar: And not many of the people who are actually, you know, having, you know, like, how to create an AI model for, you know, CAD parts in AutoCAD or, you know, any other CAD projects.
Sai kumar: But I… I know that, you know, I would highly, you know, encourage our, like, you know, request you guys to, like, you know.
Sai kumar: add at least one project related to the engineering perspective, especially in the, you know, CAD development side, because there are none people who are actually developing.
Sai kumar: But every core engineer student or every core engineering employee would love to, you know, integrate the AI, because we're doing a lot of manual work, like, it will take months to do, like, single things, which, there are, like, other, other industries with using the AI, but it is, we are not using it.
Sai kumar: And so that was my biggest request, from my end, and that if you guys would include that part, would be really appreciated, because, we also know how this, you know, the AI would help, to, you know, train
Sai kumar: CAD models. It might be, like, you know, different CADs, like AutoCAD, you know, there are different type of techniques. We might use it in engineering days, like, we use AutoCAD, everybody used it. So, I just wanted to, like, you know, have one project.
Sai kumar: single project on, like, you know, how we train a model to, like, you know, automate the CAD projects. Because, you know, in terms of engineering sector, core engineering sector also, they get benefited, because every engineer, core engineer, mechanical, or civil.
Sai kumar: or, you know, electrical engineers would definitely use the CAD in their day-to-day lives. So, I would highly suggest you guys at least include one project on how to train these things, and how to
Sai kumar: integrate HNTKI and DPI into this world, so we can, you know, we also learned this to automate the work, so yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, definitely, we'll, we'll, consider that, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, see, as I told you, like, the syllabus is, like, more generic, and the project is also, like, more generic, which you can use across the domain, and the same knowledge, basically. So, if you're asking, like, a specific project onto that, even you can do that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, after learning these labors and the project and all, but if you're asking to me specifically, definitely, like, I'll take a… as a consideration, and even we'll include in our, this,
Sunny Savita: project also, okay? So, we have some end-to-end project batch, so there also we are going to be keep such kind of project, the more domain-specific project, okay?
Sai kumar: Thank you so much, Sanya. I really appreciate it. Thanks, man. Have a nice day. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sure, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Nishant, if you can.
Nettem Susrinivas: Hello?
Sunny Savita: If you're there, then please go. Nishant, Nagrajan, you're done, or you still have a doubt?
Nishanth Nagarajan: I would hope that.
Nishanth Nagarajan: Thank you.
Nishanth Nagarajan: So, my question is very generic, right? So…
Nishanth Nagarajan: First of all, thank you for you both doing this.
Nishanth Nagarajan: And my question is about AIA delegation, right? Right now, we have… I mean, most of them have conceptual understanding of what each and every component does.
Nishanth Nagarajan: So…
Nishanth Nagarajan: I mean, if you can have a module, or if you can give some sort of knowledge, maybe, like, I'm very soon asking this, but, I mean, the conception of what human can do and what AI can do, right? So we have to differentiate that.
Sunny Savita: So…
Nishanth Nagarajan: It's not like we can apply… I mean, we should have a proper use case. Like, someone was talking about choosing the module, right? That time, Chris said, like, when you go in deeper into the course, you know, like, I mean, for what model will be suitable for what type of problem or use case, right? So, like that…
Nishanth Nagarajan: So AI delegation is the main thing we have to aware of, right? So we should not, I mean, we should not be applying AI everywhere, right? So we should know, like, what… I mean, what… what is automation? What is intelligent automation? What is AI solution? Like, what human can able to do, what pieces human can able to do it, what pieces are apt for AI to do it?
Nishanth Nagarajan: So, if you could have, I mean, if you could teach us some, I mean, a module or a kind of, some 30-minute session on that, right? That would really help, like, because that is what
Nishanth Nagarajan: I mean, most of them looking for, right? We cannot apply AI solution everywhere. Something, it will be very simple when human can do it, or normal rule-based automation can do it.
Nishanth Nagarajan: Or something, I mean, where you want to have AI agent, I mean, AgentK their solution, because that could save you more, right? So, instead of human or normal rule-based automation does.
Nishanth Nagarajan: So, if you could cover that part also, I mean, that would be really great.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, definitely, I've understood what you're saying. You're saying, like, where we can use AI and where we cannot use that. So, right? So that thing, actually, it will come in the AgentTech AI.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so when we are doing our automation using the AI, so where you will understand, how to create a dynamic flow, where AI could be used, and how to create a static flow, where the AI is not required.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, definitely you'll understand that part. Got it?
Koneru: May I go next. Hello, sir.
Nettem Susrinivas: Hello, please, can I go ahead?
Sunny Savita: Wait, wait, wait, you are done, right? Who was asking the question, Nishant, right?
Nishanth Nagarajan: I'm good, Sunny, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thank you, Rishant.
Koneru: Let me get a…
Vishnu Reddy: funny.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, con… Conairu, right?
Koneru: Yes, yes.
Sunny Savita: there, then please go ahead, yeah.
Koneru: So, hi, Sunny, this is a great course, thank you, Chris, and yourself here. This is amazing.
Koneru: I think I'll be in a better shape from now, 5 months from now. My question is, what are the accounts we need from cloud provider perspective, or AA provider perspective, and some.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Koneru: or laptop configurations that we need. Is there a place where I can look up all those and be ready? You said you will be telling us what tools are needed for next class, but, accounts also.
Koneru: What kind of accounts we need? Is there a place where I can look?
Sunny Savita: So that part we can discuss in the next class, but if you still wanted to know, then we required the Grok account, okay, you can, like, sign up to the Grok Open Router, Hugging Face account will be required.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and then, if you can, purchase the OpenAI API, I think that would be great to develop some good agent tech application. And then, AWS account will be required. So, if you are going to deploy the application, you can use the AWS account for that.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, as we build progress in the course, as will more deep dive, you will understand that what all accounts and all will be required. Got it?
Koneru: Look at Engle.
Sunny Savita: Yup.
Nettem Susrinivas: huh?
Nettem Susrinivas: Can I go ahead, please?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, wait, Neetam, please go ahead, Neetam.
Nettem Susrinivas: Yeah, thank you so much. So, I'm into cybersecurity department, so in future, like, maybe, like, in a year, I want to plan to go into a security place, where there are, like, attacks, like, model stealing, prompt injection, governance.
Nettem Susrinivas: modeling, and these kind of data poisoning, these kind of things, but before that, I want to just know everything, like, in AI, like, I want to also develop some
Nettem Susrinivas: agent tools, but the main priority is, like, into AI security space, and some kind of automation in the general security engineering perspective.
Nettem Susrinivas: So, is this course gonna help me? Like, yeah, it's gonna help me in the AI field, like, in developing agents, these kind of things. AI security as well, will it gonna help me, like, understanding the base model will help me in, understanding the security risks as well, right?
Sunny Savita: Yes, correct. You will understand the security compliances and all everything. I kept a specific module that is guardrail, so there we can discuss all this thing specifically, okay?
Nettem Susrinivas: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
shaswata datta: Hello.
shaswata datta: Hello?
Sunny Savita: You're going.
Vishnu Reddy: Is it?
Sunny Savita: Not clear to you, who was asking this question?
Anil Kumar Pothineni: Very sunny.
Nettem Susrinivas: Yes, sir.
Anil Kumar Pothineni: Yeah, hi, sir.
Sunny Savita: Neetam is done. Now, Kaushik, if you're there, then you can go ahead.
KOUSHIK: Yes, I'm audible, right?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you're audible.
KOUSHIK: Yeah.
KOUSHIK: What is the main difference between AI Pro course, or what we are missing in this course when compared to AI Pro?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, AIPro, basically, you will get access of all the courses over the Crish AI Academy.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so we have different other courses also, right? Rag, Agent Tech AI, and then this GenAI Bootcamp, Ultimate Data Science, okay? So you can access all those courses if you are taking subscription of the AI Pro.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Krish Naik: Okay, I'll explain your question. The thing is that, no, like, many people, they are… they want to start paralleling many things, right? So what we have done is that we have come up with this yearly subscription basis. Whatever live bootcamps comes in that particular year, everybody will be able to get an excess of that.
Krish Naik: If you're taking an AI, okay? So it will be based on a yearly subscription.
Krish Naik: Any number of, like, in a year, we plan around 7 to 8 courses, live, right? So, based on that, everything will be available, sure. Right? Where you'll be able to attend the live sessions, along with the recordings, everything will get.
KOUSHIK: Yeah, one more question.
KOUSHIK: Acrish, are you going to cover any modules of this course? When can we see you again in the course?
Krish Naik: I will try to come in agentic here. I think initially Sunny will be catering things, but I think I'll be coming in some of the sessions, okay?
Krish Naik: But don't worry, you're in good hands.
KOUSHIK: Yeah, sure, sure, thanks.
shaswata datta: Hello.
Ayan Majumdar: May I speak?
Anil K P: Hi, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Okay, yeah, call triggers done. Now, Vishnu, Vishnu, please go ahead. Yeah.
Vishnu Reddy: Commit this income.
Sunny Savita: To you, please give me a minute. Tia Vishnu, please go ahead.
Vishnu Reddy: Hi, Sonya and Chris, thanks for the course on which is, like, very good, properly structured. Basically, I'm a data engineering, but basically, I'm from healthcare background. Now, I want to switch my career from data engineering to AI engineering healthcare side. So, how this course will help me, and
Vishnu Reddy: Are you going to cover any healthcare projects in this course? Like, you are considering some projects, right? So is there any healthcare-related one? And how I can apply this, whatever you are teaching, those things in healthcare?
Sunny Savita: Healthcare-wise, see, pharma, healthcare, okay. So, what kind of system you're gonna build there? Let's say you're gonna build a conversational AI system, any kind of automation, report generation, right? AI as a reviewer. If you're going to be, you… if you're going to be built those kind of systems, then yes, definitely, this course will help you.
Sunny Savita: Got it? Because, see, I also work in a pharma, right? I think, see, throughout my experience.
Sunny Savita: I only worked this, automation, report generation, or this, data integration pipeline, or AI as a reviewer and all. Okay, none of the use cases going out of this, and, like, I work with a conversational AI also. So, more or less, the use case would be the same one only, and yes, we are going to be cover that over here, okay?
Vishnu Reddy: Yeah, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thank you.
Ayan Majumdar: May I speak?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Ayan, if you're there, or… yeah, please go ahead, Ayan.
Ayan Majumdar: Yeah, Krish and, Sunny, I wanted to describe my current situation and get your advice on the same.
Ayan Majumdar: I'm from a statistics background. I've been working as a data scientist for 14 years now.
Ayan Majumdar: I had an accident, and then I had to take a break for two and a half years. After that, when I interviewed, I got into a company called Bayer. They interviewed me for data science, but they are giving me all agentic AI work. And the way it is structured here, they have, they're building a platform, and they have…
Ayan Majumdar: DevOps engineers, full-stack engineers, back-end engineers, front-end engineers, and they've taken some data scientists whom they have designated as AI engineers. Now, I have no understanding of back-end engineering, front-end engineering, DevOps.
Ayan Majumdar: Now, I don't know what these people are doing, because I clearly, I don't have any understanding of that. I wanted to understand,
Ayan Majumdar: Those people who are from a data science background.
Ayan Majumdar: I do not have a background in software engineering.
Ayan Majumdar: How do they fit in in this kind of a scenario? Do… can I get into another team, maybe another company, where it is more focused on data scientist skills alone? Or is it mandatory for me to learn back-end, front-end, food stack, DevOps?
Ayan Majumdar: That is one question. The other question is, is it important to learn Gen AI and agent TKI, or can I go back to a job where I can work as a data scientist, or maybe a data analytics kind of a role?
Sunny Savita: is the…
Ayan Majumdar: a possibility.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So, see, if you're asking to me, like, any other skill set apart from this AI,
Sunny Savita: Okay, back-end, front-end, and all. So…
Sunny Savita: if you are into the project, there are already people would be there for handling such thing, right? Back-end engineering, front-end engineering, DevOps and all.
Sunny Savita: If you know the Gen AI, then mainly you will be doing that AI-specific thing.
Sunny Savita: That is the one thing, right? So, if you know the backend part, or front-end part, or the end-to-end full-stack DevOps side, then you can participate, okay, in that kind of work. But again, if you are an experienced one, let's say if you are 13 to 15 of experience, then they might expect you that kind of work, where you are going to be participate in every sort of a task, right? You are monitoring the entire system.
Sunny Savita: on a backend, on a front-end, you are going to be participating in some backend code, API design, okay, the end-to-end system design, even you are going to be interact with the AI module. Getting my point.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, it depends, basically, what kind of skills that you have. Let's say, if you are pro in the AI skill, in the generative AI skill, then you are going to be contributing that, but your company specifically is asking, right, you need to be, like, contributing the end-to-end design, the backend coding, and all everything, then yes, you will have to learn that part specifically, along with the AI, okay? So, AI engineering, and then, integrate the end-to-end system, means learn…
Sunny Savita: Understand the end-to-end system.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Ayan Majumdar: So, I need to learn back-end and front-end engineering, not.
Sunny Savita: Okay, learning basically is a different thing. Implementation is a different thing.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so when we learn, actually, when we learn the thing, so we learn the thing if we don't know anything, right? Or we are in the starting of the career.
Sunny Savita: Right? But if we are experienced folks, if we have to directly implement the product, then we have to be, like, a little quickly over there. So, understand on a project perspective, understand the requirement of the project, okay? Learn the basics first, maybe within one or two weeks, you can understand that part, and then you can implement. Got it?
Ayan Majumdar: No, no, when you were talking about learning and implementing, I was saying that the data science part, I have understanding of that, and I can implement, but the back-end, front-end, pool stack, these kind of things, I have no knowledge of that. That is why I was talking about… of learning.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Ayan Majumdar: So, of course, only when I learn, I can implement those kind of things.
Ayan Majumdar: Is that mandatory for me to learn the back-end, front-end footstep?
Sunny Savita: No, I don't think… for… as an AI engineer, you don't require that, but your company wants, your project want, then you will have to do that, okay?
Ayan Majumdar: Also, may I please request Krish to share his thought on this?
Sunny Savita: Chris, sir, is there. I don't think he's there. He went on a short break. Okay, yeah.
Ayan Majumdar: Okay, if it's not there.
Sunny Savita: He's also going to be answering the same one, okay, same thing.
Ayan Majumdar: It's over it.
Sunny Savita: Very, very practical answer, okay?
Ayan Majumdar: So, the second question which I asked is that, do I… in the current market scenario, since I was not working, I am not in touch, you must be having a much better clarity on how the industry is working right now.
Ayan Majumdar: Is there a feasibility that I move back to a completely core data science role where Argentic AI is not at all involved, or a analytics kind of a role? Or is it… the scenario is such in the market that one has to learn Gen AI and Agentic AI?
Sunny Savita: Sir, you will have to learn that, alright? Every company, every use case is adopting this Agent AKI.
Ayan Majumdar: Okay, even in data analytics kind of roles, suppose.
Anil Kumar Pothineni: Huh?
Ayan Majumdar: Good wet.
Sunny Savita: There also, people are using AI. Okay, let's say tomorrow you have to be in track any agent system, then what you will do? So, better learn that thing.
Ayan Majumdar: So, one more doubt I had is, there are 18 modules which you are covering, which you are showing.
Sunny Savita: And…
Ayan Majumdar: Each of the modules, you had said it might take 6 classes to 8 classes, depending on the length of the module, right?
Sunny Savita: Hmm, got it.
Ayan Majumdar: In that case, it, suppose if it is 8 modules, if it is 8 classes, which is close to a month, then 18 modules might… I'm just for the sake of approximation, might take 18…
Sunny Savita: Every module does not take like that, it will be compensate, okay? So don't worry about that. Some of the modules are very small. So let's say if you are going to be load a model from API from anywhere, then it will hardly take one class, two class, max to max.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Ayan Majumdar: The entire 18 modules will be covered in 6 months, is it?
Sunny Savita: entire every module. See, most of the thing will be repeated one. Let's say we have done one project, then half of the work is done. I don't need to show you the entire setup and all. The next project will be very quickly. Got it? Yeah.
Sunny Savita: So, like that, it will be complete, okay?
Ayan Majumdar: Alright, thank you.
Anil K P: Hi, Sunny.
Anil Kumar Pothineni: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, one second. Mitesh, if you are there, please go ahead. Yeah.
Mitesh Shah: Thanks, honey.
Mitesh Shah: I was, first of all, thanks, for setting this up. I'm actually the AdvancedRag subscriber already, okay, so my question would be very specific to that. Background-wise, I'm, I'm heading the analytics division for one of the groups, group companies.
Mitesh Shah: And, hands-on, completely hands-on, I'm using RAG, everything. Do you feel that this course would not be that suitable for me?
Sunny Savita: Do you fall… sorry, what you said, do you feel that?
Mitesh Shah: This course is not suitable for me, like, it's too, beginners-friendly.
Mitesh Shah: Or should I shift to… like, my focus now would be, for next one year, would be Agent DKI completely.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Mitesh Shah: Okay. Okay, yeah. So, our,
Mitesh Shah: will you be launching any courses on agentic care specifically in next, 2-3 months? Then, would you recommend me to move to that course, rather than this course?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, see, if you want to be a more agent AKI specific, then I think that could be one of the choice.
Sunny Savita: Okay, but I'm not, saying that this, will not cover the Agent AK concept and all. You will be finding out the sim, like, similar amount of topic and all everything, right? Where we can go more in depth and, like, some other frameworks and all. Understood.
Sunny Savita: So, foundation-wise, everything-wise, this badge, if you want to be more specific in one module, if any, like, more batch we are launching in one or two months, then, yeah, you can consider that also, okay?
Mitesh Shah: Okay, so, Sunny, the thing is that, so is there any kind of a pipeline for Agentic AI course in next one or two months?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I think, within, like, 2 months, we have planned one, so you will, you will soon get, like, detail about that, okay?
Mitesh Shah: Perfect, perfect. Sunny, so in that case, if I take an AI Pro, that would also be covered, right? Ideally?
Sunny Savita: Ha ha ha, that will be covered, correct. You can get the new course over there, correct.
Mitesh Shah: Yeah, then I will talk to the counseling. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Sure, sure, okay.
Mitesh Shah: And I really appreciate Krish and you, because you have changed the way we think AI. We don't need to get to that 1 lakh rupees, 2 lakh rupees courses, okay? This is much, much useful.
Mitesh Shah: Much… and I really appreciate Paul as well. Great, great mentor. And I'm damn sure that I have seen your videos, you are a great mentor as well, and I'm looking forward for it, okay?
Sunny Savita: Thank you, thank you, Smitesh, thank you very much, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Anil Kumar Pothineni: Thanks, honey.
Sunny Savita: Next, Vishnu Anil Kriti. Anyone is there, please go ahead.
Anil Kumar Pothineni: taste and be selling it.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, no, please go ahead.
Anil Kumar Pothineni: I have one question. Are we doing… concentrating on only integrations, or are we doing any model-type things?
Anil Kumar Pothineni: Like, generating new models? Like, are you in this course?
Sunny Savita: Generating new models is difficult, sir. Yeah, that's massive.
Anil Kumar Pothineni: I have asked a question. Are we doing that type of… are we only concentrating on the Gen AI integrations, or existing tool integrations? Are we doing this one in this course, right?
Sunny Savita: Yes, existing tool we are going to be used, and till some extent, we'll understand the fine-tuning also, okay?
Anil Kumar Pothineni: Okay, and do we need any GPU configuration laptops, or are you going.
Sunny Savita: No. For local, it is not required. If it is required, we can rent from the various platforms, just for the training, okay? So, if you don't have GPU in local, that is fine.
Anil Kumar Pothineni: Okay, can you suggest any laptop? Mike thinks this is the configuration is better in SPR…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, see, sir, the bare minimum requirement, I can, tell you, i5, i7, i7, okay, 16 to 24 GB of RAM, and 1TB of hard disk. If you have this much of configuration in your system, then it is fine.
Sunny Savita: Pardon?
Anil Kumar Pothineni: 50 GPU, that's more better.
Sunny Savita: Ha. If you have GPU, then, see, GPU, generally, we use this commercial GPU not for the model training. We use it for the other purposes, like editing kind of stuff, or maybe for the gaming and all, right? With this GPU, you cannot train a heavy model.
Sunny Savita: Those GPs are the different one.
Sunny Savita: Right? Okay. So whatever commercial GPUs… yeah, whatever commercial GPU you are seeing, those are not for the model training. Yeah, till some extent, you can do some fine-tuning, you can do some model loading and all, that's fine, but it is not for the full-fledged training, okay?
Anil Kumar Pothineni: Okay, okay. I have seen in every video sometimes you said that for graphical, the modeling type MMMU.
Sunny Savita: GPU is a specific device for the multiprocessing, okay? Okay. Which boosts up this AI industry, right? You know the NVIDIA, right? Intel. NVIDIA, I think they have, like, doing a very good research and all on this GPU.
Sunny Savita: But those GPUs are the different one, which is being used in our OpenAI Center and the other companies, and all, whatever companies, like the… whoever is taking the big model, right? Those GPUs are the different one. Under…
Anil Kumar Pothineni: Okay, okay, thank you.
Anil K P: Hi, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Vishnu, please go ahead.
vishnuvardhan kandati: Yeah. Hi, Sunny. Thanks for taking classes and sharing the knowledge, both you and Krish. So, my question is, like, I have a 14 plus years of experience.
vishnuvardhan kandati: I am, planning to see myself in the, On tech level.
vishnuvardhan kandati: So, what is, we are going to cover in this, classes? I know, like, this is a more generic, we cannot expect, like, a more, specific, level, but, what do you suggest are, I mean, simultaneously, I want to work with you, or, if there is any route that you can suggest, I mean, on architect level.
Sunny Savita: So, architect level, when we architect… when we can architect the thing, whenever we have a foundational knowledge, right? If you will see the architect role in our industry, right? So, whoever is having 10 to 15 year of experience, those people only is going to be a, architect, okay? They are going to be designing the entire product. You already have a 14 year of experience, meaning you have a good amount of knowledge, right, of the software development and all that
Sunny Savita: Whatever I'm assuming, okay? On top of that, you can integrate this AI.
Sunny Savita: Understood. So if you know the AI, AI Foundation AI modules, so along with your, entire knowledge, you can integrate this AI, and you can design the better AI-enabled system. Got it?
vishnuvardhan kandati: Sure. If I want to focus only on the architect who wills, what are all other things? Like, I know that building, I mean, models will go into.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, for the architect, see, what kind of system you can design. So, letter, you have a requirement of design in the agentic system, right? So, first of all, you will have to understand the different, different, concept of the agentic AI. What is an agentic KIE? What all things comes under the agentic KIE? What is a different, different pattern in the agentic AI? What all framework are there?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so the foundation knowledge of the Agent AKI will be required to design the Agent AKI system.
Sunny Savita: Understood. So if you want to become an architect, okay, in that case, you have to master two things. One is a RAG, second is an agent API.
Sunny Savita: Okay, because most of the system, you are going to be designed around to that only. Understood?
vishnuvardhan kandati: Yeah, sure, Sunny, yeah. Any courses specific to that? Just checking.
Sunny Savita: They're going to be discussed here only, you know, inside this course, all the reg and all everything, okay? So, if still you feel, then you can connect with me separately, I can give you, like, other, like, lots of material and all, you can.
vishnuvardhan kandati: Yeah, I don't…
Sunny Savita: onto that, okay?
vishnuvardhan kandati: Because, like, I worked, like, a 4-month project as a lead AI engineer already, so that's why I'm asking, like, I want to…
Sunny Savita: See, again, I'm saying, this architecture knowledge and the other, like, the high-level product knowledge, right, according to the business and all, it always comes from the experience.
vishnuvardhan kandati: Right? Right.
Sunny Savita: See, none of the course can teach you the architecture, system design, and all. What I feel while I was working… while… see, I'm working in the industry, I'm seeing the product project, this knowledge comes from the experience. Experience only will give you the knowledge how to design the system.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So…
vishnuvardhan kandati: Tokyo.
Sunny Savita: Like, be the part of the pipeline process, do some experiment, do the, like, regular back and forth on top of the system, okay, understand the requirement, then again do some, spike activity and all, then automatically you will be able to design a good system, okay?
vishnuvardhan kandati: Okay, thank you.
Anil Kumar Meher: Goodbye.
Anil K P: Correct.
Anil Kumar Meher: 77 now?
Anil K P: Listen me.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so, Mana Suni, are you there? Please go ahead.
Manaswini: Hey, hi, this is Narendra. Actually, Nareem is… is…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, please go.
Manaswini: Yeah.
Manaswini: That's fine. Firstly, I would like to congratulate Ms. Chris and you for coming up with a wonderful course.
Manaswini: And I have a few questions. Suppose if we want to go in depth on one particular topic, like, when you said 2.0, that module, do we still have access for that if we want to go to, I mean, in any topic in depth?
Sunny Savita: Sorry, sorry, sir, I didn't get, can you please come again? .
Manaswini: So, you have one more, course launch, right? One and a half months back, that 2.0 data science, that curriculum. If we need to go, in-depth, in any particular topic, do we still have access to those kind of, videos?
Sunny Savita: If you have enrolled, then you can access that course. If you have AI Pro subscription, you can access that course.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Manaswini: Okay, okay, okay.
Sunny Savita: It is a separate, course, which is, which is started from the data science itself.
Manaswini: Okay, okay, one more thing. Do you, provide any, support, related to resume building and interview preparation kind of thing?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, definitely, sir. Resume a building and all, everything will tell you, okay?
Manaswini: Okay, thank you, thank you. Have a nice day again.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, thank you, sir. Yeah, Kriti, Sweden…
Anil K P: Funny.
Sunny Savita: Is there, please go ahead.
Sunny Savita: Kriti, Sweta, Vikas.
Kriti Sinha: Yeah, honey. Good to hear.
Kriti Sinha: Also, I just want to know something about if any previous session recording available.
Kriti Sinha: For the same course, for MCP.
Sunny Savita: In the previous session, yes. I think Kisar has already shown you one course, right? Which is there over the dashboard itself.
Kriti Sinha: That is for the machine learning, deep learning, and NLP.
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, no, not that one. Once you will go in the score section. Now, let me share my screen, let me show you that.
Kriti Sinha: But for me, only 3 is visible, one which I completed, one this one, and one is NLP.
Sunny Savita: Okay, can you see my screen?
Kriti Sinha: Yes, it's coming, yes. I can see that.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so once you…
Kriti Sinha: These are not visible to me.
Sunny Savita: No, no, this will not be visible, this is only for me. Once you will come to the code section, no, just check, see, this dashboard, this cart will be there, right? Can you see this one?
Kriti Sinha: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Along with that, you will get this one also. Let me show you which one.
Sunny Savita: See, okay, this, this one. Advanced and LP Generation.
Kriti Sinha: Yes, it is there.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so this is the previous course.
Sunny Savita: Which… which we launched last year. Okay, this, Genitive AI bootcamp, actually, it's an advanced version of the previous course only.
Kriti Sinha: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yo.
Kriti Sinha: So this is the first batch of, full.
Sunny Savita: Correct. This is the first batch which we launched last year. Now, we have launched one more, the Gen AI bootcamp. It is an advanced one, okay? According to the current requirement and all.
Kriti Sinha: Yeah, thank you, Sunny. Another is NVIDIA GTC. Do we have any open code as well?
Kriti Sinha: Because some of the course is asking to pay.
Sunny Savita: I don't have any information regarding that. Let me check, with the Chris, let me explore that, maybe in the next class.
Kriti Sinha: You are available for lunch.
Sunny Savita: I can let you know, okay?
Kriti Sinha: Okay. Yeah. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: We'll have to check that part.
Kriti Sinha: Okay, okay, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Without code, you… someone instantly, without code, you can enroll.
Kriti Sinha: is enrolled, but very few courses are available. If any coding or live sessions or any code is handshon wala, then it is asking for upgrading with the payment.
Sunny Savita: Okay, okay, then maybe you will have to payment for that specific course, right? Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Kriti is done. Sweta, Singupil, or Raj, anyone is there, guys, please go ahead.
Swetha: Thanks, honey.
Sunny Savita: Yasueto, please go ahead.
Swetha: Yeah, so I have a question. So, will you be providing some study material, as every module, like, progressing? Because my question is, throughout the 3 hours, with your explanation, we'll be able to understand the concept. So, idea is how to reproduce those in interview purposes. So, that's my question. So, what is the strategy we have to follow?
Swetha: for that.
Sunny Savita: Strategy-wise, once we'll teach you now, like, automatically you will, get to know, like, how the things, is happening, right? So, let's say we are picking up one topic.
Sunny Savita: Okay, we are teaching you from basic to advanced level of it, and along with that, we'll provide you, like, the resources of it also, okay? So let's say we have taught you one, yeah, we have taught you one concept.
Sunny Savita: We are writing over the Blackboard and all, and we have some other notes and all. Everything we'll be sharing in the resource section of that specific video. So you can download that, and even after the class and all, you can prepare with those resources.
Sunny Savita: for the specific interview, for the upcoming interviews, okay? So, no need to worry about the concept, about the resources.
Sunny Savita: Okay, everything you will get to know from the next class onwards, okay?
Swetha: Got you, got you. Thank you so much, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir.
Anil Kumar Meher: Does anyone know?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Soita is done now. Anil Kumar.
Anil K P: Hi, Janine.
Sunny Savita: If anyone is there, please go ahead, guys.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, please go ahead, Aaron.
Anil Kumar Meher: Hi, Sunny. Hi, Chris. Thank you for your course.
Anil Kumar Meher: So, Sunny, like, I am basically, I was a developer, and then I moved to DevOps engineer. And now, last 6-7 years, I'm working as a DevOps engineer.
Anil Kumar Meher: Like, AWS, Azure, Kubernetes, Docker, and all, so I'm very beginning to AI and all, but we, in our project, we are using GitHub Copilot and all from last, more than a year, okay? So I'm familiar with all this tool, authentic AI tool and all.
Anil Kumar Meher: So, but now I thought, like, okay, let's do some, because everywhere people are saying about AI and all, right? So, even though the use cases are…
Anil Kumar Meher: working or not, but still, every project manager is talking about AI and all, so…
Anil Kumar Meher: like, how can I fit after this course? Because I am very new, because the course structure also, whatever you and today you have explained, I'm very… I mean, I'm not able to understand what exactly you are trying to explain there. Like, the course's structure…
Anil Kumar Meher: So, like, how can I fit after this course myself?
Sunny Savita: So see, even if co-pilots are generating code, right? But that code is correct, or that is not correct, right? What kind of code you required, what kind of code is not required? For that, some knowledge is still required, no?
Sunny Savita: Correct? Okay. Let's say, let's say, I can give you one example. You are using ChatGPT.
Anil Kumar Meher: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: For your task also, you are using ChatGPT, or any other… any other, like, this AI assistant, right? Now, it is giving correct answer or not, you know that. Why? Because you have your domain knowledge.
Sunny Savita: You are working with DevOps, you know that, or you know what is coming right, what is not coming, okay? So, AI is generating, you are validating it, then you are using that.
Anil Kumar Meher: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Same thing goes with this also.
Anil Kumar Meher: Let's see.
Sunny Savita: AI is generating code, that is fine, but who will validate that? Who will, like, keep that code for the production?
Sunny Savita: Right? Who will, like, discuss with this thing, the thing with the business, right? What feature needs to be integrated, and, like, what kind of application should be, right? So, we have to do it. As a developer, our work is easier now.
Anil Kumar Meher: No, okay.
Sunny Savita: I can give you one more example. Let's say, you, you are writing all the calculation and all everything over the notebook, right?
Anil Kumar Meher: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: calculator came.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, calculator came just to, like, increase your productivity.
Anil Kumar Meher: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, the faster calculation and all. Similar to there, this AI is helping you, to the faster coding and all, but…
Sunny Savita: You have… only have to put your entire brain, entire ideas, and all, to give the instruction to the AI, and to do validating the thing.
Sunny Savita: Got it? So, how you can fit to this code? Yeah, let… how you can fit yourself to your… inside this code, let me answer for this also. So, here you will understand how we can use AI, okay, for a development, for the development perspective, as well as
Sunny Savita: If you're going to be use AI, okay, in that perspective also, let's say you wanted to develop something using AI, you know that.
Sunny Savita: Now, you don't want to develop, you just want to use the coding assistant or any other tool. You will know that also.
Sunny Savita: Understood.
Anil Kumar Meher: Yes.
Sunny Savita: So both requirements were to be complete, right?
Anil Kumar Meher: Yeah, and second thing is, I know the Python, and I'm working Python also, not, like, high level, but not, like, AI level and all, AI things, whatever it is using. But the basic things, Python, I know an intermediate, you can say that to me. And, any…
Anil Kumar Meher: prerequisite is there to, start, next week, like, because the course materials which you are given in course studies, like, course things, so I'm not able to understand most of the things. So, any prerequisite I have to go through, because I'm going to.
Sunny Savita: Python prerequisite we have already provided you, sir. You can go ahead with that, and at least you can learn that much of Python.
Sunny Savita: Understood?
Anil Kumar Meher: Okay. Are any other things, AI-level things I need to go through to understand next class, or not recorded?
Sunny Savita: Not required, just go with the prerequisite videos only. If you want to start, then you can start from the previous batch, parallelly, okay?
Anil Kumar Meher: Okay, and then can you send me the prerequisite videos, like Python videos anymore?
Sunny Savita: It is there over the dashboard, sir. Once you will open the dashboard, you will get that, okay?
Anil Kumar Meher: All right, okay, okay, thank you, thank you so much, Sydney.
Raj: Bye, thanks.
singupil: Iceland.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Anil, Abhinas, anyone is there, please go ahead.
Anil K P: Excellent.
Raj: document.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Neil, please go ahead.
Anil K P: Sunny, thanks for the detailed course, for that. So, I have a couple of questions, okay? So, I see that, the vector databases you have mentioned in the course, like, exactly which vector database will be discussed?
Sunny Savita: So, vector database, we have lots many vector databases. Yes. Okay. So, I don't see vector database with their names, actually, like Pinecone and the, Fais, Chroma. Okay, I categorize the vector database in a different way, right? So, one vector database which we can configure in a local.
Anil K P: Okay. Right.
Sunny Savita: The second database which is being provided by some third-party service.
Sunny Savita: Okay, the third kind of database which we can configure on any… which we are using from any cloud and all, right? So…
Sunny Savita: whatever database, basically, we can configure on a local, that is ChromaDB, right? Okay. We have files, right? So we are going to cover that.
Sunny Savita: Third-party-wise, we can use the Pinecone, Waybe8, we have Accordant, okay, we have SuperBase, right? So those are the databases which we can use from any third party. Now, cloud-wise, so yes, some cloud-native databases also there, let's say, if we are using Azure, so Azure AI Search is there, we are using AWS, then, we have, AWS, Elasticsearch, okay? So these, likewise, basically.
Sunny Savita: We are going to be categorizing the database, and in all the form, we'll show you.
Sunny Savita: Local, third party, and the cloud, okay?
Anil K P: Okay, so, the… as per the use case, right, will it be taught which, database should be chosen?
Sunny Savita: In production use cases, cloud native database is required, or any third-party managed database is required. For simple POCs and for MVPs, you can configure the data… this vector store vector database in a local, like ChromaDB or FHIS only, right? If you're going to be building a small, and a simple application, some POCs and all, just to showcase to someone, then ChromaDB and the FISE will be enough.
Sunny Savita: Okay, but if you're going to be building an end-to-end solution, then AWS Open Search, AWS Elasticsearch, Azure AI Search, Pinecone, Quadent, Superbase, this database would be required, okay?
Anil K P: Yeah, and coming to the RAG, right, will this… Agentic RAG, we have different types of agentic RAG, like Knowledge Graph, right? Will that be covered in the course?
Sunny Savita: This will be covered. Correct.
Anil K P: Okay, and coming to… one last question,
Anil K P: Coming to MCP, right? Actually, currently, I'm working as a .NET developer, full-stack developer, from past 13 years. So, we were trying to modernize the systems to agents, okay? So, the work what we are getting is, like, we need to integrate MCP, bring in MCP to our ecosystem.
Anil K P: So, in this case, we'll… in the course, it will be taught how to custom set up the MCP servers.
Sunny Savita: Sir, I already included, na? I already show you that in us labels. We'll do it.
Anil K P: It will be there, right?
Sunny Savita: Hmm, definitely.
Sunny Savita: It won't take much effort, much time, right? So, we can easily create that custom MCP server and all.
Anil K P: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Thank you.
singupil: Ugh, why are you thinking?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Avinash, please go ahead. Or Raj or Avinash, anyone is there, guys.
Raj: Yeah, Sunny, Raj here, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Raj: Yeah, so I'm currently working as a data scientist and a data engineer. So, prior to, I mean, I registered for, I think, in 2021, I guess, so I registered for both, machine learning courses with Sudan Shu, like, Ainuran part. So, where you are the director for both machine learning and Sunny,
Raj: PAL was the deep learning part. So, after that, I decided, like, based on… that was the place where I started exploring more on machine learning, AI, and all this, and then I decided to do my master's, and then I came to US and did my master's, and right now, I'm working, again, it's a mix of data engineering and data scientist. So, now I decided, like, to learn… explore more on, agentic AI and Gen AI part. So, in this part, right, so do you think so, is there any similarities?
Raj: same things, I mean, but I'm pretty good at Python and all this data engineering and cloud concepts, so in the next couple of courses, I think you will be covering basics of… I'm assuming it would be majorly basics on all the machine learning deals, so is there any overlap that do you think so, or do you think this is the right.
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, no, we won't focus on the basics of the ML and DL, we'll directly start from the Gen AI. So there, we'll discuss encoding, embedding, and the transformer.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so don't we think, like, I'm going to be discussing the basic of MLDL and all? We'll be directly starting from the gen AI.
Raj: Because the only reason was it's… if it's a redundancy, then it's, again, there is… because, I mean, I know, since I'm already aware of those points, so that's the reason I'm saying.
Sunny Savita: If you are familiar with the theoretical concept, then it is fine. You can skip that, okay?
Raj: Okay, and one final thing. So, in future, right, I mean, don't be, I mean, just casually asking. So, in future, right, again, since after I doing this course, right, I did my master's, again, I did know a couple of things on RAG, and I have done prior projects as well. In future, right, so if I want to be the trainer in case of to collaborate with Krishna Academy, so what would be the ideal step? So, I just wanted to explore more on that as well.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so for that, actually, you will have to pre-prove yourself, right? So, yeah, there are, like, multiple courses and other project-related things in our… everything is going on, right?
Sunny Savita: So, you can, provide, you some, recording if you are already into the content creation and all, you can directly put them in, okay? Our team will look into that. If you are, like, enough capable, then definitely we might consider you, okay?
Raj: Okay, Senia, thank you so much, yeah.
Vikas Panwar: Yeah, hi, Sunny. We cast this, right?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so, wait, Vikas, Manali, and Singupil, if… yeah, Vikas, first you go.
Vikas Panwar: Okay, so I have a very basic question. So, as you mentioned, that there is one project which would be… which will be, one fit for all the domains.
Vikas Panwar: So, this particular course, is it related to a big, some industry, or we can grasp the knowledge out of it that can be applied to all the domains?
Sunny Savita: All the domains are…
Sunny Savita: Right, so we have capped use cases in that way only. You can utilize in any domain, okay?
Vikas Panwar: Okay, okay. So, another thing, so I actually started my career from operations management, then accountant, then I came into data science. Okay, over the years, I have seen that, in ML and all these fields, most of the interviews that happen.
Vikas Panwar: They generally ask for theoretical knowledge, so will this, particular course will be providing, or basically.
Vikas Panwar: Equipping us to encounter those interviews, and as well as the hands-on that we require to do our job.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, definitely, sir. We'll, start from the theory only, no? Let's say if we are starting any topic, so we'll discuss the theoretical concept. If you will check my old videos, my YouTube videos, so I, always, teach in the same way.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Even Chris or I, we follow the same pattern. First, we deep dive into the theory, and then we come to the hands-on, okay?
Vikas Panwar: Okay, okay. And it's more like a request, my next thing, that if any additional material that you think would be more helpful in making us understand those concepts, can you share with the group so that everyone benefits from that?
Sunny Savita: Yes, FC, if any of the material would be there, definitely I'll share.
Vikas Panwar: But already…
Sunny Savita: We have shared our previous batch, our prerequisite and all.
Vikas Panwar: Yes.
Sunny Savita: But if any more material is there, before the class, right, definitely we'll let you know. Got it?
Vikas Panwar: Okay, and after every, topic, if there's any hackathon or any project that is available, either on Kaggle or anywhere, we can actually try to implement and test ourselves.
Vikas Panwar: That would be helpful if you can share that as well.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sure. We'll, discuss the assignment, okay? After, completing every bigger module, we'll give you the, like, the assignment, okay? That assignment is going to be a solid one. Understood.
Vikas Panwar: Okay, thank you, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thanks.
Renjan: Hello, hey, this is Rajan here.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so, Manali, if you're there, please go ahead.
MANALI GHOSH: Yep, here's Annie,
MANALI GHOSH: I had a couple of questions. So, my first question is around the assignments and the final projects that you mentioned during walking us through the syllabus. So, are the assignments and projects graded?
Sunny Savita: RB, sorry, I didn't, understood.
MANALI GHOSH: So are the assignments and the projects graded?
Sunny Savita: graded.
MANALI GHOSH: Yeah, so will you be grading our assignments, or is there a way we… or do we have to submit the assignments and we'll get your feedback?
Sunny Savita: assignment, feature is, not there over the dashboard. We'll be integrating, over the dashboard, okay, in the…
Sunny Savita: Like, my team is already working on that side. But, whatever assignment I will be giving you, right? So, my style is a little different. So, what I… what I do, I give the assignment, then, usually, like, our, student only is going to be prepared that.
Sunny Savita: Then they demonstrate it.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so whoever is going to be perform… see, after that, I used to do the voting, right? So I create a poll where everyone is going to be a poll to those people, whoever has demonstrated the entire application and all, and then behalf on that, we are going to be select a first, second, and third prize. Okay, so we always have three prizes.
Sunny Savita: So, in this way, actually, I'm going. So my style is a little different than interactive. So, those, classical way of doing assignment and all, yeah, those, definitely you will get it over the dashboard, but in our class, it's going to be in a different way, okay?
MANALI GHOSH: Okay, and then the question is, suppose we do projects, and we want to share those on our social media platforms, so do we have to check with you or Krish before we share, or can we just.
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, you can share. Whatever you wanted to share, your learning, your project, your work, feel free to share that, okay?
MANALI GHOSH: Okay, and my last question is, so I'm looking to move into the AI engine… as I'm looking to transition into an AI engineer, and along with this course, which I found very in-depth and helpful, but is there anything else that you suggest I do parallelly so that, you know, I could do the transition faster?
Sunny Savita: So, for, transitioning into this AI, I would suggest you a couple of, topics you need to be focused. The one focus, basically, solid understanding of the LLMs, okay?
Sunny Savita: The second, basically, RAG, the entire pipeline of the RAG, third is an agent, and fourth is an end-to-end project. And you should have good understanding of the cloud and the cloud services, okay? If you're well-versed with all these services, with all this skill set, then easily you can make a transition. Got it?
MANALI GHOSH: Thank you so much.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thank you.
singupil: Hi, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, single bill, please go ahead.
singupil: Yeah, yeah, this is Santos.
singupil: I have a few questions, Ani. So I've gone through your YouTube channel, and I have gone through the roadmap for Gen AI and, Agentic AI.
singupil: So, just wanted to understand how much, portion of that will be, taken care as part of this, training? Is it 90%, or overall it will be taken care?
Sunny Savita: Sorry, I didn't understand. Okay, you are asking how much will be taken by me?
singupil: Yeah, in your YouTube channel, there's a roadmap provided, right, for Gen AI and,
singupil: AI. So, in this training, how much portion of that roadmap will be, taken care?
singupil: Yeah, so if you… you see…
Sunny Savita: If you will see the syllabus of this batch, right? So I created the syllabus around to that roadmap only.
singupil: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so 90%, or 90-95% thing is going to be cover-up. Whatever you are seeing related to the AI, everything is going to be cover-up over here, okay?
singupil: Okay, so while working on this project, the high-level design and the low-level design, all those things will be covered, right?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, definitely, sir, definitely.
singupil: Okay, and the last two queries from my end. So, coming to the VectorDB, you mentioned, right, Azure AI Search and AWS.
Sunny Savita: and so…
singupil: open search. So that also will be covered.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I can show you, I can, show you with AWS Open Search, okay? So, in any of the projects, we can configure that.
singupil: Okay, and anything with respect to the data breaks? Because the vector DB, I heard that it is inbuilt within the…
Sunny Savita: Databricks, I haven't integrated, because that is a multi-purpose platform. No doubt the AI stack is also over there. Well, we'll see that, sir, if I can include that, because I know that is important. So, I told you now, we are going to be learning the similar kind of service over the AWS, right?
Sunny Savita: SageMaker, Bedrock, then you can easily cope up with the Databricks also. So, you can understand the use of the Databricks in the analytics, in the AI use cases, okay, in the, in the Spark, right, for processing the data and all. So, that is not a big deal. But I will think, rethink about the Databricks, if I can include that, okay?
singupil: Sure. And my last question is regarding the guardrails and AI security. Is this terminology entirely different, or something related?
Sunny Savita: SIMs, or guardrails, or everywhere we are using guardrails. I already published one video on top of it, check out that video.
singupil: Yeah, you know.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so, guardrails what? To, keep something restricted.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, how to do the same thing with the AI?
Sunny Savita: So, yeah, we can, understand it, don't worry.
singupil: Okay, and regarding this token cost and everything, will come as part of the system design?
Sunny Savita: This thing is very easy, sir. Okay, so easily we can configure. Already, API is providing those, direct function call, class call, and their API SDK itself. So to count token, to, calculate the money and all, everything is very easy. So easily we can integrate that part, okay?
singupil: Okay, okay, sure. Thanks, thanks, Annie.
Sunny Savita: Thank… Okay, so next out is, Nitam, Rejan, Satyam. Anyone is there, please go.
Nettem Susrinivas: Yes, sir.
Nettem Susrinivas: Thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Nitam, please go ahead.
Nettem Susrinivas: Yeah. Sir, you included the Python playlist in the course. So I have the, understanding of Python, and, before, like, one year, I think one or two years, I…
Nettem Susrinivas: practice Pandas, numpy mat, practice, all things, but maybe I… I just, been out for a long time, but do I need to go through all the material which we've provided in the course, or can I…
Nettem Susrinivas: Just, revisit that, or, will it be okay to directly jump into the course with you?
Sunny Savita: You can, go through parallelly.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Nettem Susrinivas: Cross.
Sunny Savita: If you have time, but it is not mandatory.
Sunny Savita: Pandas and NumPy, it does not use directly. If any of the project is being used for processing the data, then maybe, like, it might be there, but again, we are going to be used heavily this LangChain, Langgraph, Hugging Face. Okay, so this type of module we are going to be used, not the NumPy and Pandas.
Nettem Susrinivas: Okay, so I don't have any basic idea of, lang chain, langrevs, I guess I just, like, theory that.
Sunny Savita: That way, you will understand.
Sunny Savita: It is not a very difficult thing, usually you will understand that, okay?
Nettem Susrinivas: Okay, sir. And also, one more thing, like, how much time, because it's, like, a tight schedule for me, how much time do I need to, make per week, for just learning the core, learning, going through the learning, other than the live part?
Sunny Savita: So, sir, see, how you're managing your time, I, really don't know about that, but.
Nettem Susrinivas: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: They sincerely giving.
Nettem Susrinivas: I'm going to.
Sunny Savita: maybe after the office or after your work, that will work. See, again, consistency, focus always pays you. So, if you are putting at least two to three hours per day consistently, right? So, yes, you can learn the thing, you can cover the thing, you can revise the thing, and even you can build at the end, okay?
Nettem Susrinivas: Okay, it's, like, basically, like, 10 hours at least per week we need to keep.
Nettem Susrinivas: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yes, correct, right, sir. At least, sir.
Sunny Savita: Yo.
Nettem Susrinivas: Okay, thank you so much for the opportunity. Thank you for the course as well.
Sunny Savita: Yep.
Nettem Susrinivas: Because, basically, I haven't joined this, before one hour, like, the first one hour, so I don't know how this goes, but, yeah, thank you so much for the conversation.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thank you, thank you, Satya.
Satyam: Oh, hi, Sunny and Chris. Thank you for the course, and I was part of the data science program at
Satyam: iNeuron.
Satyam: After that, I was working as a data engineer, but I haven't been doing that since November, and…
Satyam: My question is that, how do you manage this gap, and what is the best for me? Data engineer, or I have experience in machine learning and deep learning? So, what is the best for me? Data engineering profile or data science?
Satyam: Actually, I'm confused.
Sunny Savita: What is your prior experience?
Satyam: I have, 1 year in, data engineer, and, 9 to 6 months in… 6 to 9 months in data science. Actually, I have done master in data science also, and, also get a course, I enrolled in iNeurone in 2023.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so see, you are learning Gen AI, right? You are enrolled into this course, correct?
Satyam: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: look forward into the AI profile only.
Sunny Savita: You should not prepare for the AI profile, okay, instead of the data engineering.
Sunny Savita: Got it. You already have an experience in data engineering, you know how to, like, integrate the data and all, everything inside the system, correct? So, on top of.
Satyam: Yes.
Sunny Savita: We'll be…
Satyam: Correct.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, if on top of it, if you are going to be… include this AI skill, right? So you will… you will become a full-stack engineer.
Sunny Savita: Okay, you can design the data pipeline till the AI system. Understood?
Satyam: Yeah.
Satyam: And actually, my question, is, one more question. I'm not able to, crack the interview in third round and second round due to, due to they asked me a question from JNAi and, LLMs, that's why.
Satyam: I'm so confused between data engineer and data science.
Sunny Savita: So, see, sir, whatever role you are giving interview.
Sunny Savita: Let's say you're giving interview for the Gen AI role, you will have to be well prepared for that role.
Sunny Savita: You will have to prepare the project, and whatever you are saying, whatever you have mentioned in the… in your resume, you will have to confident about it.
Sunny Savita: Let's say you're giving an interview, you correct the first round. In first round, they just are… they just had the telephonic round, or they just ask you some basic question. In second round, maybe they ask you more project-specific question.
Sunny Savita: Now, maybe in the third round, that was a manager round, director round. There, they, didn't find you more suitable for that role. Why? Because of your, like, knowledge, because of… because maybe you are not, very good with your communication while you are communicating about your project, Gen AI, and all.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so you will have to be confident there. You should have a busy, good knowledge about your subject.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: If you have that, then you will not fail in the interview. The chances will be minimum. We can discuss more about it, you can tell me, like, what kind of question they are asking, what they are expecting in the job and all. Then I can help on top of that. Got it?
Satyam: Yeah, sure. Thank you, Sunit.
Renjan: Hello, this is Renjan here, can you hear me?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Renjan, you can go.
Renjan: Hey, first of all, thank you for having this course organized.
Renjan: So, about me, so I'm working in the healthcare industry, and I have some basic, you know, understanding about the ML and deep learning. I did some courses so far.
Renjan: So, two things I would like to understand from the course, so,
Renjan: Is it a full stack?
Renjan: You know, development,
Renjan: and how we can incorporate AI. Is it the overall, you know, goal of this course?
Renjan: Maybe others.
Sunny Savita: So, the goal of this course, basically to become a GenAI engineer, right? So, when I say the Gen AI engineer, so for that, what all, like, what are concepts you should know.
Sunny Savita: What are the, like, topics you should be aware about? The first is a fundamental understanding of the large language model, okay? The second, RAG system, agentic system.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and the third, and the fourth is an end-to-end project. So all this thing we have incorporated inside this course.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point. So, whatever thing is required to become a GenAI engineer, or whatever skill set you require to become a GenAI engineer, we are going to cover inside this course.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Renjan: Got it.
Sunny Savita: Yup.
Renjan: So, it is not about the, you know, the full-stack developer, like, the traditional, aspect of the full-stack development, right? You know.
Sunny Savita: No, that is a… that is something different. There, actually, we are more focusing on the web website, the end-to-end system.
Sunny Savita: Right? Front-end, back-end, API design, cloud, and all. Right? Means, apart from the AI, we are focusing more into the, like, the software development side.
Sunny Savita: Right? But here, we'll focus more into the Gen AI, and then we are going to be building the end-to-end project. So you will get some touch of that SDLC pipeline, of that software development also. But not like that, where we are going to be on the entire web dev, okay, the JavaScript, the complete TypeScript, or maybe React.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point.
Renjan: Okay, so that is…
Sunny Savita: Complete different.
Renjan: Fantastic.
Sunny Savita: Now, here we are focusing more on the AI stack, okay?
Renjan: the reason I ask, like, you know, because we are in the middle of, like, you know, we have a traditional application, and we are in the middle of converting that into a full-stack application using some Angular, some Django frameworks, and, kind of things, so…
Renjan: I was trying to, you know, relate that to, you know, this course, that.
Sunny Savita: So see, if you have that knowledge, then easily you can integrate the Gen AI knowledge over there. That is, like, very good thing, actually.
Renjan: Got it, got it, got it. I was trying to get some, you know, overall understanding, like, you know, what to expect. So it is going to be a GenAI, and how that can be used to build a full-stack application based on any of the technologies out there.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct, correct.
Sunny Savita: No, you got it correctly.
Renjan: Yeah, perfect. That's what I was trying to get, an understanding. Thank you for that clarification. The second thing is just about our course structuring. So, the sessions, like, we'll get some breaks in between, or I know today I didn't see a break, but is that something that you are having… Yeah, definitely.
Sunny Savita: will be there. See, the class will be from 8 to 10, 30, or 11. Between that, we'll give you 50 to 20 minute of break, okay?
Renjan: Okay, and the third question, again, on the, course structuring. So, for some reason, we are not able to make, to a class, like, the better option is, like, you know, go back to, you know, on the Christian website, like, as the classes will be recorded.
Renjan: Or we have to go to the YouTube site and, or, like…
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, you will get a recorded session over the dashboard itself. You can directly watch out over there, okay?
Renjan: Alright, I'm good then. Thank you.
Venkat: Hi, Central.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so any, more doubt from…
prabhat kumar: Yeah, Prabhat.
Sunny Savita: You can go ahead now, yeah.
prabhat kumar: Alright, just a minute.
Sunny Savita: Prabhat, Kumar, Venkat, you can go ahead, if you're there.
prabhat kumar: I'll go, I'll go next, right?
prabhat kumar: Am I audible, right? Hello?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you are audible.
prabhat kumar: Okay, so, Sunny, like, currently, I'm into a SDAT role, software development test, right? I don't come with the background of ML.
prabhat kumar: And I don't have exactly the understanding for deep learning and all the core concepts, right? So, before starting this course, I wanted to understand what's the core difference between Agent TK and the Gen AI. Like, we're saying that this whole course is specifically to become a Gen AI engineer, right?
prabhat kumar: So, what, will be the core difference first? Can you, can you please, let me know?
Sunny Savita: See, Gen AI, Agent AKI, actually, it's a subset of the Gen AI.
prabhat kumar: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, if you are saying Agent AKI engineer, that could be a Gen AI engineer also.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point.
Sunny Savita: Right? It means someone is designing an agent API system that is a… that person is automatically is a GenAI engineer.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
prabhat kumar: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, in Agent AKI, what we are doing is specifically, we are designing an autonomous system.
Sunny Savita: Night?
Sunny Savita: In generative AI, what we are doing, we are loading the model, we are giving the instruction to the model, some context on the model, and we are generating something.
Sunny Savita: Right? So we have one more sub-branch of the Gen AI, that is Agent AKI, where we are more focusing on the automation.
Sunny Savita: We have intelligence. Now, how we can provide an instruction, tools, memory, context to the model?
Sunny Savita: So that it can automatically take a decision, and it can generate the final output.
Sunny Savita: So, if someone is saying, you are an okay engineer, that automatically person is a GenAI engineer, because it's a sub-branch of the GenAI only. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Understood? That's not a different thing.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
prabhat kumar: Yeah, so, it's like, in this course, we… we'll be working here as well, and we'll be touching this domain as well, right? Agent AK1.
Sunny Savita: Yes, we'll be touching the Agent AKI, we'll be deep diving into the Agent AKI, because as I told you, it's a part of the Gen AI only.
Sunny Savita: Right? Let's say… let me give you one example, right? So, if I'm saying you are a statistician, right? You understand the data, you work with the data, right? So, should I tell you the mathematician or statistician? What should I tell you?
prabhat kumar: Hmm, so I'll be.
Sunny Savita: I can tell you mathematician also, no?
prabhat kumar: Yeah, because…
Sunny Savita: If you know the statistics, it means you know the math only. It is a sub-branch of the math, correct?
Sunny Savita: Same thing.
Sunny Savita: Same thing goes with this also.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
prabhat kumar: Yeah, okay.
Sunny Savita: It's not a different one. I think you understood now.
prabhat kumar: So, like, so, like, I have, two, two more. So, like, we, in this Gen AI, it's a separate domain, right, now, in the IT industry, and things will be changing, and still, things are being changed as well.
Sunny Savita: If I.
prabhat kumar: say, going with 2015, and if we'll compare till 2026, right? Things have a lot more changed. The way IT industry works, right? Towards the development side as well, DevOps, and each and every domain, right? So, this…
prabhat kumar: role, what all roadmap we have. So this will cover the GenAI part. So, are we catering the system design, core concepts over for building this Gen AI, any sort of application that we'll be building?
prabhat kumar: Like, to make the system available, what all… what all details, have been come here, and as well as the security thing as well. So, I will be covering both the…
Sunny Savita: When we are developing an end-to-end project, automatically we'll complete… we'll cover up that system design concept.
prabhat kumar: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Correct now? So, as I already told you, when we'll design the project, or when we'll complete the project and all, automatically we'll understand the HLD, LLD and all everything, right? Whatever component is being used, what is the use of this component, that component.
Sunny Savita: Right? And let's say the thing is going to be changed after 5 years, 10 years, but the foundation will become… will be the same only, no? Let's say we're talking about the Gen AI, earlier it was the machine learning and all.
Sunny Savita: But the foundation is same. They are all… that time also, we are using the model, and currently also we have a model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so if you know that core, actually, those fundamentals, you can adapt anything.
prabhat kumar: Hmm. Understood.
Sunny Savita: But don't worry about that part.
prabhat kumar: Alright, okay. So, like, you have another course which just now someone discussed about the RAG thing, right? So, is this, so you'll cover, you'll cater that at a subset of this course, or it's a separate course?
prabhat kumar: Specifically focusing more details.
Sunny Savita: So, course name is a GenA, inside that, only we are going to cover reg, right? It is mentioned in the syllabus, okay?
Tushar Saurabh: Hi, Sunny.
prabhat kumar: Oh, okay, understood. Alright, just, just last one, last as well. So, like, so how, like, after, after this course, right, we, we'll get the knowledge to build the system and all those things, but how to keep on updating ourselves?
prabhat kumar: What all, material we should read, and all those things.
prabhat kumar: Like, how you keep yourself updated? Can you please, just, let us know?
Sunny Savita: updated YC. As I told you, if your foundation is strong, then you can adapt anything.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Let's say I… I know about the, GitHub co-pilot.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: I was working with a GitHub co-pilot, right, I was using that. Now, suddenly, tomorrow.
Sunny Savita: cloud could come, okay? Now, I can easily understand that.
Sunny Savita: Because, more or less, the concept is same.
prabhat kumar: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, if you know any one… any one thing, right, you can easily adapt the second thing, the similar thing.
Sunny Savita: If you know the fundamental, then you can adapt, or you can relate anything from that fundamental.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, work on the fundamental, understand the root.
Sunny Savita: Now, whatever new thing is coming, just spend one or two weeks on top of it, onto that documentation, onto that technology, okay, from where it, like, evolved, okay, like, who invented that, which company has introduced that, just read about that, their vision, their documentation, all. Easily you will get it.
Sunny Savita: Understood. So it's not a very difficult thing.
prabhat kumar: understood. Like, before the course that you… the prerequisites, right? There we have… Python is fine, we can go… go over there. What about the ML and deep learning courses? Those are… those also, those videos should also we need to complete?
Sunny Savita: Deep learning ML is a prerequisite, okay? Cover from the dashboard itself, we have given you over there. Got it?
prabhat kumar: Okay, okay, thank you, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thick.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Venkat.
SrinivasReddy: Right.
Sunny Savita: So, Shahar, Srinivas, anyone is there, please.
Tushar Saurabh: Tushar here,
Tushar Saurabh: So, just a point-to-point question and answer, I would like to… I'm not that much of talkative. Well,
Tushar Saurabh: See, my role is gonna get changed from a full-stack developer to AI engineer.
Tushar Saurabh: So the first question is that, we are going to create some AI agentic tools, during this session, yes or no?
Tushar Saurabh: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Yes, correct. We are going to buildup.
Tushar Saurabh: Okay, how soon are we going to generate, I mean, create these agentic tools? Three months, 2 months, or after that, or end of the session, are we going to create…
Sunny Savita: So, at least, sir, it will take, 2-3 months.
Tushar Saurabh: 2 to 3 months, alright. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Come to that module, yeah.
Tushar Saurabh: Correct. The second question is that, like, are we also going to, like, in the DevOps site, like, AWS, are you gonna use this one? So, in that one, like, log back or something, a monitoring tool we are going to configure, and…
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct, correct. So that will integrate.
Tushar Saurabh: monitoring.
Sunny Savita: project itself.
Tushar Saurabh: Okay, so that is… that will be at the end of the session of this course, or how sooner we are gonna cater these things?
Sunny Savita: So that part will come in the project, actually.
Tushar Saurabh: Project, okay, okay.
Tushar Saurabh: Alright.
Tushar Saurabh: Okay.
Tushar Saurabh: Alright, thank you.
Venkat: Thank you so much.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Venkat, please go ahead.
Venkat: Yeah, yeah, most of the questions, like, you know, you have already covered, so I'll skip some of my questions.
Sunny Savita: Your voice is not clear, Venkat, please check.
Venkat: Can you hear me now, clearly?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, no, please go ahead.
Venkat: Okay. I do have 15 years of experience, and I worked as business analyst for, like, you know, 5-6 years, and then data analyst, and, like.
Venkat: Last two years only, I have been working as a data scientist, but, I don't do, like, you know, much of model development and all. Basically, I manage a team. I do kind of, you know, wipe coding and, you know, give draft codes, or, like, just, you know, guide the team to develop further, kind of.
Venkat: Is that sufficient enough for me, or, like, do I need to, you know, get, touch of, like, you know, GitHub, or, like, you know, this, Copilot, all these tools?
Venkat: Is that necessary?
Sunny Savita: No, see, we'll understand that thing in, like, classes itself, okay?
Venkat: Okay, got it.
Sunny Savita: So, once I'll give you the walkthrough of that, easily you can understand that part.
Venkat: Okay, my next question is, can we discuss, you know, company projects or business problems here, so that we get some suggestions, like, you know, what kind of techniques or tools we can use, like, to solve those problems?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, definitely, sir. See, whenever we start any project, we always start from the business problem only.
Venkat: Okay, got it. So, next question, what do you suggest, whether to, you know, configure all of these, you know, tools and everything in company laptop or personal laptop? We do have, you know, capable of, you know, both, like, my personal laptop and company laptop, but
Venkat: Most of the times, we carry our company laptop with us, right? So, during office hours, if we get some time, then we can, you know, jump in here, like, you know, work something like that. So, what do you suggest? Which one to…
Sunny Savita: See, I won't ever suggest company laptop for your, personal learning and work.
Sunny Savita: Because there, you have my… some restriction, and you might have some compliances issue also.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so I would suggest you.
Venkat: People have compliance issues, but since I work for a startup, we are liberal to, you know, install things and all. And actually, they are promoting, or they are pushing us to, you know, adapt to AI.
Sunny Savita: Huh.
Venkat: And then, you know, bring that into systems and, like, you know, develop a couple of proids, kind of. So, that way, yes, we are liberal, but yeah, we have restrictions in terms of data and all that stuff.
Venkat: So…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, if you don't have that restriction and all, if a company is allowing to you to build up the AI and all, then yeah, you are good to go then, okay? If you're getting any difficulty or any, like, call is going to be blocked to any API and all, then in that case, you will have to check with your company IT team.
Venkat: God, got it.
Venkat: Got it. I'm good, son, yeah. You all answered all those questions, a lot of questions I do have, so all those guys have asked and answered it. Yeah, thank you.
Tushar Saurabh: Suni, just one question more. Thanks.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Tusha.
Tushar Saurabh: Yeah, do you have any kind of, project or example, like, getting all the Jira defects and, connecting to that, GitHub, and then whatever, we are just…
Tushar Saurabh: Because we are using, anyway, Agentic AI tools that cloud, okay? So we are giving the whole source code and all these things, and then we are just giving that copy-paste and throwing into that
Tushar Saurabh: Cloud code, okay, and then it automatically scanned all the code and all these things, and rectifying the code internally, right?
Tushar Saurabh: this whole… we are doing manually. We need to do this automation so that, no developers, no nothing, I mean, required more, to hire. So how do we do this? I mean, do we have this,
Sunny Savita: So, see, if you will check with my third project now, it is around to that only, actually. Read the Jira ticket, generate.
Tushar Saurabh: Yes, yes.
Sunny Savita: A boilerplate of code, and then, create… generate the testing cases, testing script.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so in between whatever, like, you are doing, you can integrate that part, right? So if you are doing any code review, any code generation, based on the ticket, if you are going to be at some feature and all, you can integrate that functionality. So my third project is going to be around to that only, okay?
Tushar Saurabh: Oh, so you are gonna teach third project, or already it's there, existing?
Sunny Savita: I will teach that, actually, so…
Tushar Saurabh: Great.
Sunny Savita: It's not a… it just means I haven't took that in my other previous batches, it's a new one only.
Tushar Saurabh: Oh, that's great, that's great. Are you going to use the RAG in that one, right?
Sunny Savita: RAG and the other different concept also, many more things will come, sir.
Tushar Saurabh: Cool, cool, that's only… thank you, thank you so much, yeah.
Utkarsh Pagare: Hello? Can I…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so, Sundari, Aslam, Deep, anyone is there.
Sundari: Hello.
Utkarsh Pagare: hello.
Sundari: Can you hear me?
Sunny Savita: Wait, wait, Sundariya, please go ahead.
Sundari: Yeah, hi. Okay, so I just wanted to clarify on two things. One is, I think from the other questions, I understood that, ML and DL, you really don't need to have, much hands-on. It's more of,
Sundari: more of having, an understanding. So the reason I ask is, I think 2 years ago, I did, a data science course, and that's when I actually came across, Chris's,
Sundari: YouTube channels, and it helped me get through the course. But, I'm a little bit rusty on it.
Sundari: So, I just wanted to know whether I need to really brush up, or as long as I have, the understanding that is enough for ML and DL.
Sunny Savita: So, if you can, brush up, right, from the prerequisite and all, I think that will be well and good. If you already have some knowledge, if you don't want to spend much time on this MLN deal, then let it go.
Sunny Savita: Right? Focus on this, Gen AI part.
Sunny Savita: Understood?
Sundari: Okay, yeah, thanks. The second thing I also wanted to know was, okay, because I'm in a different time zone, so, is it possible to ask, like, doubts, like, 30 minutes before the, like, when the sessions begin, or it's, like, your doubts session.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can, see, you can specifically mention in the chat, whoever belongs to the different time zone, they can mention in the chat, I belong to this time zone, and, can you give me priority, so that, I'll take your doubts first, and then I'll take the others out, okay?
Sundari: Okay, yeah, thank you very much.
Utkarsh Pagare: Hi. Hi, Sunny. This is Utkarsh. Actually, I have 10 years of experience, and the experience is not completely into tech, it has been… it's, like, varying across different domains, like supply chain.
Utkarsh Pagare: And medical. But, like.
Utkarsh Pagare: by the… I want a reality check, like, by the end of this course, would it be possible to switch into Gen AI field?
Utkarsh Pagare: Without… Having a setback in terms of, like, in terms of salary, if you…
Sunny Savita: Nope.
Utkarsh Pagare: Do I need to…
Utkarsh Pagare: go down the ladder and start from the very beginning, that's… that's what I wanted to understand.
Utkarsh Pagare: I wanted it.
Sunny Savita: to see whether you can do the transition or not, it's a, like, very subjective question.
Utkarsh Pagare: Yes.
Sunny Savita: It depends on many factors. It not only depends on me, my course, it depends on you as well.
Utkarsh Pagare: Period.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let's say I'm teaching, I'm making my 100% effort, and I want my students, like, let's transition or something, but…
Sunny Savita: like, same kind of effort you will also be put, right? So, let's say 50% I'm teaching, 50% will be your effort to learn those things, to build those things. Getting my point, right? So, what I'm suggesting to you, follow this course, give yourself 5 months, 5 to 6 months, alright?
Sunny Savita: If you are giving at least, like, 5 to 10 interviews, then definitely one of the interviews is going to be cracked.
Sunny Savita: This is my guarantee, okay?
Utkarsh Pagare: Got it. Like, because most of the job posting which comes, they basically ask for at least 3 years, 4 years of experience in this field.
Sunny Savita: How you can compensate that experience, you can showcase the project, project work. How the resume is going to be selected based on the project work.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: After completing the project, you can mention the same kind of project, right? You can mention, in terms of your words, your experience, and all your previous experience, right? And then you can explain the same in an interview. Got it?
Utkarsh Pagare: Got it. Got it. Thank you so much, yeah.
Deep: Can I tell you that?
Aslam Husain: Yellow.
Sunny Savita: Guys, let me, let me call the name, Ferdosi, please go ahead. What's your doubt? Please go ahead.
Sunny Savita: See, everyone is waiting, if you are there, now please go ahead, I'm calling your name. Pradosi, are you there?
Deep: I can…
Sunny Savita: I've given you the access, you can unmute yourself.
SrinivasReddy: Before that, can I talk?
Vikas Verma: Goodbye.
SrinivasReddy: Stiversia.
Sunny Savita: Just, just give me a moment, let me check.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Freddosi, are you there? I'm calling your name. Please check with your microphone, I think,
Sunny Savita: There is some issue with that.
Sunny Savita: So… I cannot hear you. Please check.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, meanwhile, Mohit, and Amol, Sushranta, anyone in their field?
Deep: Hello?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Slam, I will come to you after that, yeah.
Sushanta Saha: Hello?
Sunny Savita: Yes, Mohit, please, go ahead, Mohit.
Mohit Jain: Yeah, hi.
Sunny Savita: Yo.
Mohit Jain: Yeah, so, hi, Sunik. Actually, I have a few questions. As currently, I am working as a senior data analyst, and I have also role of the data engineer.
Mohit Jain: And, when I'm applying for the, like, machine learning engineer and data science engineer, like, that kind of things, they are asking for the projects and everything.
Mohit Jain: So, after completing this course, how can I enhance my… means, how can I, write the things in the resume so that that will be helpful for me to, like, prove that I have worked on this project?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so in that case, actually, you will have to mention some end-to-end projects.
Mohit Jain: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, if you're going to be mentioning some good and the end-to-end project, as I mentioned in my course, right, you will see, like, the project which can be used across a domain. If you're going to be relate those projects with your work, with your domain, okay, and you can mention in your words.
Sunny Savita: I think the chances will be very, very high.
Sunny Savita: In that case.
Mohit Jain: Okay. Okay. Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, your resume also will be selected. If you're able to explain those, projects in a, interview, then, yes, you might also select. Got it?
Mohit Jain: Okay, so I have just, I was also a student of the UDS1 1.0.
Mohit Jain: So, like, in that section, I think NLP section has been completed, and Gen AI section has been started recently. So, will the… I can start from here, or I should, cover up both also?
Sunny Savita: You can take those classes also, and then you can come here as well. So, you will get a learning from both of the batches and the mentor, okay?
Mohit Jain: Okay, okay. And can I mention the same end-to-end, projects in the resume of the… for the machine learning and deep learning also?
Sunny Savita: You can mention, but I would suggest you mention in your own words.
Sunny Savita: Not the same to same exact copy.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, write some, your use, means, some tweak, tweak some wording and all, keep, like, some real-time, use case there, means the, with the wording, okay, mention some domain, for which business you were, working, okay, what was the timeline of the project? So, mention those realistic things there. Got it?
Mohit Jain: Okay, okay, okay. And, one more thing I want to ask, like, there are so many people are mentioning, like, professional certifications are required, so according to your experience, what you will suggest, like, professional certifications are required, or hands-on projects are required?
Sunny Savita: See, according to my experience, what I'm seeing, what have I seen, like, in the industry so far, working experience is a topmost thing.
Mohit Jain: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay? If you have a working experience, doesn't matter from which background, from what is your academic background, from which, like, background you belong.
Sunny Savita: do we have… whether you have a professional certificate, any academic certificate, any academic degree or not, doesn't matter, sir, if you have a professional experience. I've seen people just completed their B, BTAC, or BSc, MSc, like, not even from, computer science, okay?
Sunny Savita: from some other branches and all, they are leading to the project.
Sunny Savita: As a director, senior director, and all, with 50 to 20 years of experience.
Mohit Jain: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, work experience comes at top, and after that, basically, see, just to enhance your profile, your resume, or whatever, right? If you wanted to do any kind of certification and all, then it is up to you.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Mohit Jain: Okay, yeah, sure. And one last thing. As you mentioned that, right, resume, in the resume, I can mention that project. One thing I was just curious to know, like, if interviewer asks related to that thing, like, what is the real-time impact of that model?
Mohit Jain: So, what should we answer on that?
Sunny Savita: Real-time impact of that model means?
Mohit Jain: Means, like, if you have prepared any model and everything, then
Mohit Jain: what is the use case and how you have implemented in the organization? Like, suppose we are using customer churn model. So, like, we can say that we use the probabilistic, customers, which are probability to churn.
Mohit Jain: So, this type of things are… we need to mention in other models also, or, like.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, business use case will be required, sir, definitely.
Mohit Jain: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: No.
Mohit Jain: Okay, thank you.
Amol Jamkar: Oops, hello.
Sunny Savita: Wait, Sushanta, Aslam, anyone is there, go ahead.
Aslam Husain: I'm here.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Islam, please go ahead.
Aslam Husain: Hey, thanks for taking my call. Thanks a lot. Hey, actually, I have close to… more than 20 years' experience in the IT side.
Aslam Husain: And I started my career as a C, C++, then Java, then become a DBA for Oracle and SQL Server, then went into the more on database side as Natiza. Now I'm mostly working on data engineering side, and then Power BI modeling side as a solution architect for the last 10 years, about 10 years.
Aslam Husain: So… and I found this course through the just searching here, because I wanted to really move around and see that, okay, how we can get into this whole AIML world. And I saw your, I think, Chris, videos and all of them. Really fascinated me to join this class, and then also I joined the 2.0 also, the class, and this class also.
Aslam Husain: So, actually, I work in US, and it's a very big organization, and generally, you know that in a big organization, if you want to change the area, either you have to leave the company, join some other area, or maybe in the same company, you have to do some small, quick POC and show the management that, okay, you can make it happen.
Aslam Husain: So I have one use case, I'm just thinking about that, okay, is that… so that I… I think in the last call, you mentioned that, okay, do some project, and then use that project for your leverage for the next level.
Aslam Husain: So, in big organization, we are… I'm working for Databricks also, and Databricks has a… almost like a… they have a tool called Genie, which writes… casts a question, it will give you the data out there. But at the same time, in my company, it's a pharmaceutical company along with healthcare.
Aslam Husain: They have a lot of metadata modeling too, like Power BI, Cognos, and Tableau and all. So, I was just thinking that, let's suppose if I have a use case to build a chart bot which can read the
Aslam Husain: this, all this different, different product in the company, along with the database, and one place for everybody to go and put a question there and get the answer there. Is it possible through this new approach, this with Gen AI?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, definitely it will. So, are you working for Lilly, or whatsoever?
Aslam Husain: No, actually, I'm in the US. I work for a healthcare company here for the last 20 years.
Sunny Savita: Okay, got it. So, what I would suggest to you, yeah, this kind of thing might work. What you can do, you can prepare a proper data integration pipeline, and after that, on top of it, basically, you can build a rack system, okay?
Aslam Husain: Okay, so I can explore this area.
Sunny Savita: This type of use case, will, work.
Sunny Savita: And.
Aslam Husain: Yeah, because you…
Sunny Savita: Huh, you will have to, like, talk with the business also, if you can talk with any BA, right, who understand the real requirement of the data, like, what is going to be end goal of it.
Amol Jamkar: Right?
Sunny Savita: how business is going to be consumed, what kind of automation you are going to be at, using your use case, right? How much you are going to be automated.
Sunny Savita: Let's say 50%, 80%.
Aslam Husain: Because…
Sunny Savita: Outcome is very important.
Aslam Husain: Yes, 100%, 100%.
Aslam Husain: And just to tell you that, okay, since in this… in this era, if you're only a technical person, it's very, very easy to replace you. And if you… technical person, along with business knowledge, and thanks God that, okay, in this last 15 years, I acquired a lot of business knowledge along with technical… I literally lead a lot of big, big team here.
Aslam Husain: But as a solution architect role, but I want to get into this role by doing a small quick… not quick, maybe some time it takes, this POC, so that… show the management that, okay, I… we can go into this direction and get a role onto that
Aslam Husain: type of domain, because right now, getting into the AIML domain as a social actor is very tough for me, because they know that, okay, you're good in this area, then we cannot move in the other area. And so I was thinking about doing this one all…
Aslam Husain: On my off time, not during the off-work hour, and then show this demo to the management, and then get the credit out of that, and try to move into the different department.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, definitely. See, just do it. We can discuss onto it further, you can show me in some other classes. I built that, and now what else we can do here, okay?
Aslam Husain: Excellent, thank you, thank you. Okay, thanks a lot, sir, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, thank you, sir.
Sushanta Saha: Hello?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, now the next stop… let me call the name, guys. Sushanta, please go ahead.
Sushanta Saha: Yeah, please. Hi, Sunny, I have one question.
Sushanta Saha: In total, how many, live projects will be there, in this syllabus?
Sunny Savita: Inside the syllabus, we kept, 3 live projects.
Sushanta Saha: Okay, and other small projects, as you mentioned, like, from 6th class on almost 6th module on what you will be.
Sunny Savita: Those will be there. So, basically 3 end-to-end projects, and apart from that, after every module, basically, you will see some projects, okay? Some small pieces.
Sushanta Saha: Especially for that particular module-related.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct, correct. Means, for the RAG and agent, basically, there will be lots of practical work, okay?
Sushanta Saha: Okay, so roughly around, 15 plus, can you say… Smartphone.
Sunny Savita: Number-wise, sir, at least 10… 10 would be there, okay?
Sushanta Saha: Okay, okay, buddy. Yeah, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Oh, yeah.
Kaushik Banerjee: Yeah, this is Rattan Talk?
Sunny Savita: Wait, cautious, so Santa is done. Guys, please, lower your hand once your doubt is done.
Amol Jamkar: I don't know.
Sunny Savita: I can check with other folks.
Vikas Verma: Hello?
Sunny Savita: Mul, or Vikas, Kaoshek, anyone is there, please go ahead.
Amol Jamkar: Yeah, yeah, I'm, I'm there, I'm old.
Sunny Savita: Yun.
Amol Jamkar: Yeah, MR, everyone.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you are audible.
Amol Jamkar: Yeah, so I had some questions. Like, first of all, I wanted to know the… the fine-tuning which we cover. Is it a… is it a gist of the transfer learning?
Sunny Savita: I mean…
Amol Jamkar: music?
Sunny Savita: See, transfer learning, it belongs to the same chapter, actually. Transfer learning is one of the concepts, and fine-tuning is a other concept, okay? In fine-tuning, we are doing a proper training, actually.
Amol Jamkar: Okay, but it is a part of the same thing, but it is a… I mean, so, but transfer learning, as well as it involves some training, right? To train to our own domain, means a generalized, model to… Oh, fine.
Sunny Savita: Fine-tuning. Fine-tuning, basically, it required the training on your own domain-specific data.
Amol Jamkar: So it is the same thing, right, which we had… because transfer learning is an old concept, right? It is not…
Sunny Savita: No, no.
Sunny Savita: Transfer leveling means it is more over the inferencing part.
Sunny Savita: means we are transferring that knowledge which we have already trained on some other data set. Means we are doing inferencing with some different, like, inputs, okay? That is a transfer learning. It means we have a model, we are passing input, we are generating some output. More inferencing kind of thing, right? Fine-tuning means actual training.
Sunny Savita: On top of the model. You're providing a data, you're training the model, actually.
Amol Jamkar: Okay, okay. And then this, the second one is, like, how much of the APIs, like, in one of the, like, Udemy courses which, Chris has built, he mentioned that we need some knowledge of the best APIs. So, like.
Amol Jamkar: like, how much knowledge of APIs is required? Like, it is just, like, extracting data and triggering some functions from the APIs, or building APIs from…
Sunny Savita: whenever we develop any application, right, so the REST API knowledge is required.
Amol Jamkar: Okay.
Sunny Savita: I can give you a very basic example. Let's say, you are doing some mathematical calculation and all.
Sunny Savita: Now, in the mathematical calculation, that plus, minus, division, multiplication, right? It's a very basic rules, right? In every mathematical calculation, at whatever level you are doing, those concepts will definitely come. Similar to that, if you're doing a development, if you're creating an application.
Sunny Savita: best API concept. It is similar to that plus-minus multiplication and the division kind of thing, okay? So, those knowledge, you should have the basic API knowledge, actually. So, what you can do, either you can learn from the previous Udemy courses, if you have already taken that.
Sunny Savita: Otherwise, we'll look into the live classes, okay? I'll show you, like, what is a user-rast API and all that. Got it?
Amol Jamkar: APIs will be covered from scratch, right? I mean, scratch in the.
Sunny Savita: Anyways, whatever knowledge is required for building application, we'll cover that part, okay?
Amol Jamkar: Okay, and then the other question was, like, can we… can we trigger applications like Power BI through the AI agents? Like, like, does the LLMs… does any LLM now have a power to… to execute a Power BI file?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, we can do the tool integration, actually.
Sunny Savita: We can give, access, to LLM via tool, via MCP itself, okay?
Amol Jamkar: Okay, so, okay, okay.
Amol Jamkar: So, the tool can be a Power BI file as well, Power BI application as well, okay. And then the other thing, was, like, which is the most in-depth course for H&TKI? I mean, I have taken the Complete Access, that is the AI tool, Complete Access, so… and as well as I have enrolled into all of Sir's Udemy courses.
Amol Jamkar: So, do you know which is the most in-depth course for agentic AI? Like, suppose for the most advanced course, is this the one, or is there any other past course?
Amol Jamkar: Are there any…
Sunny Savita: If you're specifically looking for the Agentech AI, I think you can check with the GenTech 2.0. There, I think we have covered most of the framework for the Agentech AI, okay?
Amol Jamkar: But is it in-depth? Because Sarah was mentioning 2.0 is not that in-depth as compared to this one.
Sunny Savita: In… Means, in-depth year, right? So…
Sunny Savita: See, inside this course, we are going to be cover two frameworks. There, we have covered 5 to sim, because it is more specific to agentic only.
Sunny Savita: Right? Agent 2.0, which we launched, I think, 5-6 months back, and that batch is completed now. Okay, if you have Pro subscription, then you can look into that batch also. Got it?
Amol Jamkar: Okay, understood. And then the final one was, is reinforcement learning a GANS required for good understanding?
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, it is not required, sir.
Amol Jamkar: Okay, and then the fi… sorry, like, one more question. So, the DevOps, regarding DevOps knowledge, like, like, do we need to have a good in-depth knowledge of AWS from, because, like, it involves several concepts, like networking, etc, like.
Amol Jamkar: Like, like, are these concepts covered, or do we need to learn externally?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, this is required, sir. Cloud knowledge always will help you, and those fundamentals is required, okay?
Amol Jamkar: Okay, so we can learn it externally if we can. That would be better, right?
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct, right.
Amol Jamkar: Okay, fine. Thank you, your thanks, Rodio.
Vikas Verma: May I ask a question now?
Akhilesh: Hello?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, because Varuma, please go ahead. Then, Aklesh, you can go ahead, okay?
Vikas Verma: Hi, Sunny. So, quick question. So, if I do a POC in my organization after… while doing this course, right, so if I stuck somewhere, so will you provide the guidance to solve that problem?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can discuss in the doubt session and all, okay?
Vikas Verma: Don't fishing.
Sunny Savita: internet-wise and all.
Vikas Verma: Okay, sure, thank you so much for that, and the session would be the part of this same session, or it would be a separate session?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, after the main session, the out session will have started, okay?
Vikas Verma: And one last thing is that, could you please drop the system configuration? I tried to note it down, but somehow I missed it, so it would be beneficial for all. It seems to be a.
Sunny Savita: Oh.
Sunny Savita: I'll discuss in the next class, okay? I'll give you the complete detail over there itself.
Vikas Verma: You can drop a short message in chat box, so just the RAM, all these configurations, so everybody will…
Sunny Savita: If you want it right now, I can write, then, let's see, I5 to I7…
Vikas Verma: the RAM and the GPU, whatever it is.
Sunny Savita: Would be 8 to 16.
Sunny Savita: to 24GB of RAM.
Sunny Savita: At least 60 to 24 GB of RAM.
Sunny Savita: If you are using Ryzen, then Ryzen 507, And then, you're required?
Sunny Savita: one TBO partisk.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so this is, like, bare minimum configuration, and if you are using GPU, then either 4.0 or 5.0 RTX series.
Sunny Savita: with at least 8GB of VRAM, okay?
Vikas Verma: Peter, okay. Thank you so much, Alicia.
Sunny Savita: This is the bare minimum requirement. Got it?
Vikas Verma: Thank you, Sophs. So, can I leave the meeting now? I think it's over for the day.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can leave the meeting, yeah.
Vikas Verma: Thank you so much. Thanks, everyone.
Sunny Savita: I think.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: So…
Akhilesh: Hello, sir.
Sunny Savita: Yes, Aklesh, please go ahead.
Akhilesh: Thank you. Hello, Sunny, sir. I'm very excited for the course, just wanted to say, I've been following Chris, sir, as well, watching his YouTube videos, they're very informative. Sir, I wanted to ask, I mean, the people here are varied in experience, some from 13 years. Myself, I have only 1 year and 10 months of experience.
Akhilesh: I was hired for AI, but they put me in, like, a technical support project.
Akhilesh: So, I did a computer science BTEC, and I have some knowledge of ML, and did two research papers, but there are many deep holes in my understanding. So I did take this course. I wanted to ask one question. Will it be possible for me to follow along? I have some idea of MLDL throughout, like, the course.
Akhilesh: Of, the total syllabus, but, I have deep holes in it. And also, aside from the course, I was thinking of for going for Masters of Science in AI, from abroad, will that help me in getting a job, or is that, not necessary?
Akhilesh: this, sort of two questions I wanted to ask.
Sunny Savita: Sorry, you said Masters of, Master in EA, right?
Akhilesh: Yes, yes.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you… see, Academic, like, see, Academic basically will help you, I, just to give you some interviews and all, right, from some top companies.
Sunny Savita: Okay, if you are thinking to go for the master's and, to complete the AI, some AI degree and all, right? So it might give you some interview, but how you will learn that base skills set, okay? So, that is very much important.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Akhilesh: Yes.
Sunny Savita: So, you need to focus on that side. Fundamental, skill, and all, and you should try for the jobs.
Akhilesh: Okay, ready.
Sunny Savita: my point.
Akhilesh: It's substantial.
Sunny Savita: What should be your ideal path?
Sunny Savita: You can, see, if you are willing to do, master's, if you are, like, thinking to go abroad and all.
Sunny Savita: Again, this is a very, personal thing, right? It depend… completely depend on you, whether you want to do or not, right? But, I would highly suggest you, whether you are going or not, that is a different thing, but focus on the fundamental
Sunny Savita: Focus on your course, okay? Focus on these real learning projects and all, which will help you throughout your career.
Sunny Savita: Right? Do one thing, you just have one, two year of experience. First, learn the CI, learn all the skills and all, build some project, start applying for the job, let's see what kind of interview calls you are getting, whether you are able to, like, place yourself in some good company or not. Got it?
Akhilesh: Yes, yes. Sir, one last question. Regarding the course, as I follow along, will it be beneficial if I, during my weekdays, revise MLDL, or should I focus mainly on reading about LLM for this course?
Sunny Savita: I would suggest you revise, if you want, just give one or two weeks only, then, come to this GenAI only, completely, okay?
Akhilesh: Okay.
Akhilesh: Okay, sir. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Krishna Basvani: Hi, Sunny, can I go? This is Krishna Basumi.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Krishna, you can…
Krishna Basvani: So, basically, what I see from the course agenda, I see transformers as a starting point. So, I come from no AI background,
Krishna Basvani: And not even in Python or data science background. Basically, I'm hoping I can, you know, cope up with this
Krishna Basvani: pace of the course.
Sunny Savita: Excellent.
Krishna Basvani: That is point number one.
Krishna Basvani: And I have, like, 20 years of experience. Basically, I'm a C-sharp developer, like, more than 10 years into programming, and also…
Krishna Basvani: Azure Architect as well. I have extensive experience in DevOps and microservices, containers, and Kubernetes, and API management as well. So, and…
Krishna Basvani: Actually, you know, I want to…
Krishna Basvani: make a… make a career transformation within the company, probably after 5 or 6 months, right? So I… I wanted to be productive as well, and probably, you know, to find a project, in… within my company. That is my, actually, goal.
Krishna Basvani: Short-term goal. So,
Krishna Basvani: With this background, what is the most suitable role for me to… to get into this, into the… into the AI field, and probably build up, other, other things, whatever is lacking, right?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so see, for this AI role, actually, Python is required, as we have already said, right? So, to learn Python is not a very difficult thing, as you already know C Sharp and the other technical stuff, correct? So, you can easily cope up with the Python.
Sunny Savita: So, very first thing, I would suggest you learn at least a little bit of Python, okay? The second, basically, focus on the Gen AI course, where merely target these RAG agents and the end-to-end projects.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, whatever work you are doing, you are working with Azure, you are working with the C-Sharp, you are designing the thing, you are, like, designing the API system and all, whatever, basically, right?
Sunny Savita: Along with that, you will also know about this AI, right? This, Agent AKI RAG, and this, end-to-end project and all. So if any project is coming to you related to the AI, if any new work is coming to you related to the AI, you can easily.
Krishna Basvani: do that.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point.
Krishna Basvani: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, learn Python, that should be your first priority.
Sunny Savita: as will co… as this course will go ahead. So try to learn accordingly, okay?
Krishna Basvani: Okay.
Krishna Basvani: Okay, great, thank you.
Nilesh Salunke: I submit.
Vasu Deva: Can I go out?
Sunny Savita: So, just, give me 5 minutes, I'm taking a quick water break, okay? I will start, by 12, 10, okay? Give me 3 minutes of break, okay?
Sunny Savita: Putting a timer, for…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, guys, so again, we can resume, so…
Dinesh: Pleasure.
Sunny Savita: Oh, absolutely.
Dinesh: Excuse me, I'.
Sunny Savita: moment, guys. Let me call the name, okay, wait.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Vasu, they… please go ahead.
Sunny Savita: Shahar Basude, if anyone is there, please go.
Vasu Deva: Hi, Sanam, what's the…
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Vasu Deva: Sunny, a few questions. Thank you for the opportunity, and thank you for the information. And I have a few questions that are related to the previous questions even. I have done a POC project kind of thing in my current organization, which is a LLM-based OCR LLM we have created, in that
Vasu Deva: create some kind of security keys. So, like, from the AWS, we are trying to take the image and we are converting that into the JSON format.
Vasu Deva: So, there we mostly struggle to hide the security screens because of this, AWS, the key, security key, and AWS accelerated, right?
Vasu Deva: So those things, those things will be covered, or else how to… we can integrate all these things, those things will be covered, or how can we learn those things?
Sunny Savita: So, you are asking, if we are, using LLM as a OCR, and
Sunny Savita: like, reading those information and trying to convert in some specific format, and if you have to hide some information out of there, right? Correct. So, that, thing you wanted to implement from your end. Yes. Correct? So, see, LLM is a OCR, we can do that.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Not only the LLM, we can use some of the different library also. The same kind of use case which you are saying, right? I already work… I already resolved that using the Azure Document Intelligence. Okay, it is very good, in terms of reading the images and the data.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, what to hide, what to, like, remove, from your final data and all, right? So, in that case, you can utilize.
Vasu Deva: No, no, no, no, I think the question has been deviated. So, we are trying to extract the data from a particular server.
Vasu Deva: We are giving the LLM to the server details, right? Like, the server details, the user ID, password, and all.
Sunny Savita: excuse me.
Vasu Deva: to be, like, hidden before, like, it not be shown in the public, right? Those things I'm asking about.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so you are saying, whatever password and, whatever thing we are going to be provided, right?
Vasu Deva: Correct.
Sunny Savita: So, you can do the masking of it. So, in which form you are providing the data to the LLM? You are directly providing to any, this, OpenAI API, or, to any, like, open source, LLM only, to which LLM you are providing that, where you configured your LLM?
Vasu Deva: So, we have configured our LLM in, Grok LLM, which we have used, OpenAI one.
Vasu Deva: And we have used the AWS API keys, which we have used there. So while we are coding, we try to create that secret key in the code, like, in the separate file, and we're trying to retrieve that, but we are not able to hide that exactly. Like, we try to mask it multiple times, we try to hide the complete file, but,
Sunny Savita: So, do one thing, na. AWS also provides this AWS Secrets service.
Sunny Savita: Just try to utilize that. Keep your secrets and all everything over there, try to read out a form there itself, okay? Just search AWS secret, and the similar kind of service is being provided by the Azure also, Azure Vault. You can keep your credential and everything over there itself, okay?
Vasu Deva: We have used the Vault, basically, AWS Vault, which we have used in the final way.
Vasu Deva: But, still, that key keys are, open, even that walled keys and all. That's the thing.
Vasu Deva: And, one more question, like, while creating the LLM, we're trying to call the APIs, right? For example, as someone said about REST APIs and all. And, while we are learning all things, like, all these courses, we'll try to integrate that, REST API or Flask API,
Vasu Deva: While we are trying to connect that, to the LLM to try the data or else to utilize it.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, see, API-wise, to connect a tool, like, fetch the data, it's not like that you are going to be fetch the data, okay? For that, basically, you will be having some external data sources, which you are going to be utilized as a tool.
Sunny Savita: Now, that tool, actually, you are going to be configured in your API call and all? That you can do, actually, right?
Vasu Deva: Okay.
Sunny Savita: From where you are going to be extract the data, that will be any external data sources, right? So directly you can utilize that, you can utilize that as a tool, you can create a MCP server out of it, or you can configure it inside your API also. In every way it is possible, okay? It depends on you, how you are designing that thing. Got it?
Vasu Deva: Those topics will be covered in the course, which we are discussing now.
Sunny Savita: Those topics…
Sunny Savita: We'll cover, basically RAG, okay, inside the RAG, every sort of a step of the RAG, an agent, MCP, right? So all this thing, whatever I'm seeing, it will be covered, okay, in the different other module. Got it?
Vasu Deva: Okay. And, one more question, regarding that, like,
Vasu Deva: Regarding the, what is this, vector database, which we have discussed, right? So, I have attended one of the company's interviews as an internal part to moving one project to another project, so…
Vasu Deva: They're mostly asking about the difference between the, top… there are… if there are two topics. For example, in the VectorDB, if you're using Pinecone, they're asking what is the main difference between the chroma and the Pinecone.
Vasu Deva: So, how would try to address those things, and how to get those information? Like, do we have any… like, we can suggest you things in online, but,
Vasu Deva: In scenarios, we can see how those pixels differently work.
Vasu Deva: Can we see those?
Sunny Savita: So you can, see, you can compare it on a different parameter, actually, right?
Sunny Savita: So, I can show you, just a second, let me, share my screen, and then I can show you.
Sunny Savita: how you can compare that, okay? On which parameter, basically.
Sunny Savita: So… I can search in front of you.
Sunny Savita: See, there is one website. Just a second.
Sunny Savita: Can you see my screen? Is it visible?
Vasu Deva: in its partner.
Sunny Savita: So just look over here, look at this website. Here, you will find out the comparison between all the vector databases. So, you were talking about the chroma, right? So, here is a chroma, right? And then, somewhere there will be Pinecone also. So, here is a Pinecone.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: See, this one is a Pinecone, and this one is a ChromaDB.
Sunny Savita: Now, what all, like, parameter, and what all parameter, basically, they have created this table, see over here. Filters, hybrid search.
Sunny Savita: facet, right?
Sunny Savita: geo-search, multi-vector capabilities, sparse vector, BM25, full text, right? Whatever type of model, basically, we can utilize? Do, can we store the image data or not? Okay. Now, here you can see struct model, API-wise.
Sunny Savita: Right? For what all, like, solution you can utilize it. So, on all this parameters, at least if you are able to tell 5 to 6 from here.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, like, this ChromaDB I can configure in my local server. Pinecone is a third-party database. Okay, will have to be, like, configured over the cloud. It can handle the multi-model data, but ChromaDB cannot handle. We can create that kind of indexing inside the Pinecone. We cannot create inside the ChromaDB. ChromaDB is for the smaller data set.
Sunny Savita: We cannot keep very huge dataset over there. At least, if you can tell this much to the interviewer, or at least if you can pick some of the parameter from here.
Sunny Savita: that would be fine, right? So always look these kind of resources, which is giving you the comparison, which is giving you the complete and the detailed list, where you can look into the different, different databases and the other comparison model and all. Got it?
Vasu Deva: Understood. And, last and final question. So,
Vasu Deva: for example, if we want, as you said, like, previously, we won't create any, LLMs and all, right? But, can we try to, import some kind of LLMs from the hugging person somewhere? And, can we fine-tune according to our things? Those are covered in the course?
Sunny Savita: fine-tune according to our thing, yes. Whatever kind of data you have, let's say you have.
Vasu Deva: Yeah, you have access.
Sunny Savita: data, you can fine-tune on top of that data. It is possible, sir, okay?
Vasu Deva: I mean, those things are covered in the course? Like, are we learning?
Sunny Savita: Yes, yes, fine-tuning module is already there, we'll cover that part, okay?
Vasu Deva: And, this is the last question, like, if we are… if we are not designing any, LLM, like, are there all, kind of, models or else, or kind of requirements that are covered in, Honeypace, that we can take anything and,
Vasu Deva: Tune it according to our requirement.
Sunny Savita: Not completely, sir.
Sunny Savita: Okay, you can train till some extent, but you cannot do the incremental training, because it would be, like, very challenging in the cost efficient, right? You will get a very high cost over there. So, cost inefficient. So, what I would suggest to you, instead of that, go with the rack system.
Sunny Savita: Right? So we'll understand that part went to create a rack, fine-tuning, and all everything. You will get to know automatically, once we'll come to those modules. Got it?
Vasu Deva: Okay, that's all from my end.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, okay, thank you.
Nilesh Salunke: Yep, mute.
Sunny Savita: Nilesh, please go ahead. Nilesh, Shawvic, anyone is there, guys, please go ahead.
Nilesh Salunke: Yeah, so actually, my question is, actually, I have, 9 years of experience. Actually, I'm planning for master's this year in Ireland. So, post that, of course, I will be doing job there.
Nilesh Salunke: I was a bit, you know, confused on, like, how will it play job market there, because I'm putting all my investment of family savings as well for this master's.
Nilesh Salunke: And, so that I need your suggestion, because every now and then, the technologies is coming new, like, RAG, then AgentPKI, and Gen AI.
Nilesh Salunke: So, down the line, after 1-2 years, once I complete my master's, and go for hunting jobs, so…
Nilesh Salunke: Where, like, will there still be…
Sunny Savita: See, market-wise, how is the market and all, it is not always same.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So, first of all, see, what you will have to do, let's say, if you want to go
Sunny Savita: abroad, and, if you want to check, the, country-wise, job market, right? Let's say UK, US, or Europe, anywhere, right?
Sunny Savita: So you should, like, talk to their specific person, whoever is already, like, doing MS, or whoever is already working over there, right? So you should talk to them, because it is changing, actually, right? So, let's say that right… right now, the, basically some war and all, everything is going on, there is a different, basically, government, correct?
Sunny Savita: Now, how they are, looking into the, means the, abroad people, right? The, this, basically the AI market is also changing the job and all, correct? So you should consider all the factors.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, right? So, just talk to those specific people, whoever is already working there, talk to, like, some folks over the LinkedIn, okay? And then only you will understand the real situation of that country.
Nilesh Salunke: I got a positive feedback from them, actually. I've talked with a few. Based on my experience also, they have, they have shown the positive, signaling from their end, but still, I was a bit worried, because investing of 30, 35 lakhs down the line.
Nilesh Salunke: I feel I should not take risk.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, that is, like, a very difficult, thing, right? So…
Sunny Savita: Yes, investment, definitely investment would be there.
Sunny Savita: And, some kind of loan and all, okay, that… if that requirement is there, you will have to take maybe that also, right? So, see, one of my friends basically went to U.S, and, he completed his MS, I think one year back itself, but still, like, he's struggling with a job, okay? He's not able to find out a good role.
Sunny Savita: Okay. He got some internship, he was able to do that, but again, for the full-time job, right? For the good job, he's still, he's struggling. He's, like, on a learning phase, still, he's trying to learn, this AI and all.
Sunny Savita: And then, gain, some DSA and all for the good company. So maybe same thing, you, will have to follow, okay? So, what I would suggest you, first, do the proper research, understand the real-time situation of it.
Sunny Savita: And prepare yourself with the AI, and then make any decision before investing any huge amount of money, okay?
Dinesh: Hey, Seth.
Sunny Savita: Thanks.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Dinesh, Pawan, anyone is there, guys, please go ahead.
Dinesh: Hi, some, dishes here.
Dinesh: Sir, I have around 10 years of experience in performance testing and performance engineering.
Dinesh: Recently, I have been exploring how AI and ML are being incorporated into modern systems, and how performance engineering concepts can apply to AI and workload as well.
Dinesh: So, my question is, like, is there any kind of, like, I mean,
Dinesh: when ML models are exposed as API,
Dinesh: How do teams measure response times, latency, throughput?
Dinesh: This kind of… is there any… that type of roles are available there? Available, sir? Like, complete ML flow, in production, how they monitor the…
Dinesh: LLMs,
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah. So, see, as we have already said, right, Langesmith is capable for such monitoring such thing, right? Even we can create our own custom one as well.
Sunny Savita: Okay, we can use those API SDK, and we can create our own custom platform where we can check the response time, latency, throughput, everything over there.
Sunny Savita: We can use, the other, framework also, as you said, MLflow, right? So once, like, we'll come to the project part, project section. At that time, I will show you the different, different platform, okay, where you, you can monitor all this, KPIs and the other parameter and all, okay?
Dinesh: Okay, so, as compared to Gemini Engineer.
Dinesh: I already have experience of performance engineering in 10 years. Can I… is it helpful, like, whatever you said, monitoring kind of roles?
Dinesh: Finally set up.
Sunny Savita: there is no separate role, it is a part of the development only. Oh, okay. Okay, so if you are building any system, the developer only can do this thing.
Dinesh: Okay.
Sunny Savita: If you're use… yeah, if you are, let's say, using any third-party platform just to monitor the performance and all.
Sunny Savita: Right? So developer can simply integrate that. Yeah, as a, like,
Sunny Savita: performance engineer, like, as a supportive, like, engineer, or as a tech support guy, right? Maybe you could be the person who is monitoring this entire metrics and all, and, you are just reporting behalf of that metrics, you are preparing a remote report and all for the bigger project, for the bigger enterprises and all. But again, I would say this thing is not very typical. Like, developer can easily do that, okay?
Sunny Savita: And even this, could be the completely automated. So, I would suggest you not only target to this thing, target to the end-to-end development, okay?
Dinesh: Thank you, Steve.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Hello?
Sunny Savita: Got it? .
Pavan: Hey, Sonny.
Sunny Savita: Yes.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Go?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can go, Southwik. Sovik, sorry. Yeah.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Okay, firstly, am I audible first? Let me know.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you are audible. You can go ahead.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Okay, I don't know whether Krish is still there, but thank you and Krish both for coming up with this wonderful course. I have 14 plus years experience in data science field, mainly with machine learning from age-old SAS to Python right now.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: So, but I am very new to this Gen AI, and I lead projects, or lead ML initiatives. I have my team on team.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: And I am following Chris's YouTube video as well, and I ask my team to follow that as well, it's wonderful. My question is, to both of you.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: So, basically, let's say if there is a project where transaction or customer-level data should be there, and then needs to summarize.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: a Word doc, based on, reading the, reading the tables from the database, customer-level data, transactional level data, some customer profiling needs to be done.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: So, is it a classic example of RAG, and this kind of concept will be covered, within… I mean, RAG is covered, I know, but this kind of use cases we can solve with the knowledge of RAG?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, we can do that, actually. So, what we can do, we can integrate, this kind of functionality in our agentic pipeline itself, okay? So once, you will understand how to design that agentic pipeline.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, at that time, you will automatically get, if you have to summarize the data, summarize the document, and need to be passed to the next, component, right?
Sunny Savita: To my next node, right? So, yeah, this thing is, like, very easy, and, even I can show you in the upcoming project, or in any of the use cases, okay?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Okay, thank you.
Sunny Savita: We have this type of example. Summarization and all, everything comes definitely, okay? In any of the use cases, this thing will be encountered. Got it?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Okay, thank you. My second question is that, while I have understood that, three end-to-end projects and
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Let's say you have said roughly 10 plus, small, small assignments or projects would be there, but still, like, for example, those who are actually, actually, those who are having more than 10 exp… 10 plus or 12 plus experience in data science, you would be knowing that they are right now in the leadership positions like me.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: So now, where our main thing would be drive AI analytics and all, where development team, IT team would be there for groundwork, where we need to.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: We need to monitor that, or we need to give them the design or solution, so they will do that. So this kind of role I am right now, I think I will be doing this kind of thing, like I am doing the ML initiatives.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: So, now… so, obviously, for me to do the groundwork, the scope would be less. So, I can understand that, in this course, three projects, end-to-end projects, will be showcased, and also some small projects after each module would be there. But, like, for example, Krish was also saying in the initial time.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: that, you, you have a lot of industry-ready projects, right? So, how to… how to, subscribe those things? I… I definitely know that this is not in this subscription. Or, if I want to, like, AI world is evolving, right, and you are… you guys are
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: very close to that. We probably focus on a particular domain, but you guys are very close to that. So, even if I want to take the AI Pro subscription, yearly subscription, then how to… what would be the due diligence, or what would be the cost to where we are… we can get those information?
Sunny Savita: Yes, so you can, check out with a counselor, he will let you know each and every information, okay? I think Kesir has already told you,
Sunny Savita: If you are going to take AI Pro subscription, then this amount will be deducted, and the less… the rest of the amount you will have to pay, okay? Industry Ready Project does not come under the AI Pro subscription. You will have to take a separate subscription of it.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Sunny Savita: So just, check with the team, just check with the counselor, he will, give you each and every information. If you want to be, like, change out, if you want to be updated your subscription, then feel free to do that, okay?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: And also, one thing, that, if I do… if I want to subscribe the industry-level projects, those kind of things, then will that be, like, if in future also, if you are adding any projects, will that also come, or it would be static.
Sunny Savita: Yes, yes, yes. Whatever projects and all is going to be updated, it would be there. Timely, we are going to be at the project. So far, I think we have 50-plus projects, around 50 to 54. We have a target, like, around 100 projects we are going to be updated within, like, 6 months, okay?
Sunny Savita: So yeah, this year you will get, in total, 100 projects over there. Got it?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: And how that project and that industry-level projects would be dealt with? Like, the recorded videos would be there, or this kind of live session would be there?
Sunny Savita: No, this kind of live session on, see, firstly, we'll give you the recording only, then on weekend, we have a live session also.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so where the mentor will come, the respective mentor will come, we have a, like, team where we have around 5 to 6, specific mentor for those, projects only. So those mentors will come, they will pick up a project, and they will teach you, they will give you the overview of the project, you know, live classes itself, okay?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Okay, got it. My last question, in one of my projects, I work in AWS Databricks, from where we use the Jupyter notebook to query the data, or doing any ML kind of thing in the cluster.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: If I need to build any AI capability there, for example, again, the same thing, it will query the data within the AWS Databricks and summarize in a doc or something like that. This kind of integration will be covered in the tool integration type of thing, right?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: It means AEW.
Sunny Savita: So you were asking, this AI integration is a database, right?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Yeah, exactly, AWS…
Sunny Savita: You can configure that. It is a part of the Azure only. You can easily configure any of the API over there, just to get a capability.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: No, our Databricks is there in the AWS, not Azure.
Sunny Savita: AWS… okay, you have configured over there, you want LLM over there, right?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: So, no. So, basically, we have the data, let's say that all the transactional level data, customer profiling data, everything is there in the AWS Databricks only.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: There, we have our ML project. Right now, it's a supervised, and the XGBoost is gone.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: So now, the point is that, so suppose, for example, XGBoost is right now, predicting that who is 1 or who is 0 or who is good or bad, something like that.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Now, whosoever is the bad, for them, we want to do some customer profiling, which will again query the transaction and customer-level data itself, and we'll be… we'll create a document, summary document, for investigator to facilitate the investigation by the investigator.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: So now, so once we get the exhibit output, then we know that who, which customers are… we need the summarization on.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: But now, the AI capability should be built here so that it can query the data.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Okay? Give the customer ID, query the data, and create the summary profiling.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: And then we will give that profiling to the investigator to investigate.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so what you can do, this kind of orchestration, you can do easily with the line graph.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So just, like, check out with the Langra policy I also have on my YouTube channel. Otherwise, we'll cover in the live class also, okay?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: shook.
Sunny Savita: So, you can do this kind of orchestration in the Langra, where you are getting a prediction from one of the model. You can pass it to the another node, where you can define the other different functionality, okay?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Got it.
Sunny Savita: So, this is possible. Got it?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Okay, okay. Thanks, thank you, thank you, Sunny, and give my thanks to Krisha as well.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, thank you, Sobek.
Sachin Rajendran: Sunny, this is such a…
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Sachin, Pawan, anyone is there, guys, go ahead, please.
Pavan: So, I'm on today, officially.
Sachin Rajendran: Sorry, so Sunny, I'll, you know, my question came after listening to all these, you know, queries from others.
Sachin Rajendran: I'll give you a quick context and the objective of me joining this course. My experience has been entirely on the operations management side and the business process management, okay? And, you know,
Sachin Rajendran: There is, you know, there's an AI wave everywhere.
Sachin Rajendran: So, you know, my… I have not done this. I don't have any experience in Python, GitHub, API, etc.
Sachin Rajendran: You know, over the course of this discussion, I heard two versions from you. That is one, you said that, you know, Python and API is absolutely necessary, but at the same time, there was someone else like me who
Sachin Rajendran: doesn't have any experience, and you informed him that, you know, I mean, the basic understanding is sufficient, and we should be able to pick it… pick up from that one, okay? So, and then, later on, I did hear that, you know.
Sachin Rajendran: this is, I mean, you know, I mean, most of them were talking about these kind of jargons, right, you know, which might go a little above my head. So I was wondering, because I did have this question with the,
Sachin Rajendran: You know, before joining with your, you know, your marketing team.
Sachin Rajendran: And they did say that, you know, I can continue, provided I learn Python in the next couple of, you know, one or two weeks.
Sunny Savita: Mmm.
Sachin Rajendran: Okay? That's one. Second aspect is that, you know, I have learned a little bit about Gen AI. I understand, you know, the concepts like tokenization, word embeddings, from a very conceptual point of view, okay? And my intent of joining this course is mostly for the purpose of, you know, how to…
Sachin Rajendran: understand these and talk to those respective teams, and become an AI transformation leader, okay, or even program manage certain projects using the knowledge. So that's why I thought this course was good, because it gives exposure to projects, okay? So my… given this context.
Sachin Rajendran: My question to you is that do you think this is the right course for me, or do you think that I should take up the data science, which I've, you know, Krish was explaining earlier, that it takes you from a very fundamental thing all.
Sunny Savita: Boolean.
Sachin Rajendran: Okay? Because I did ask this question to your marketing team, and they said that, you know, that's a one-year course, why do you want to call that? You know, the six-month course might be better.
Sachin Rajendran: I would like to, you know, I just want to confirm that, you know, if this is not the right one, maybe.
Sunny Savita: Bye.
Sachin Rajendran: I don't know, I don't mind switching to the other one, so that's why.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, see, the same thing even I would say, if you wanted to spend, like, one year, right? And, if you wanted to learn everything from fundamental, then yeah, you can switch. So there, we'll go step by step, as, Sara has shown you in the, classical roadmap, Python.
Sunny Savita: then machine learning, sorry, Python, statistic, machine learning, deep learning, and then we'll come to the Gen AI. Okay. So, yeah, if you are ready to invest, one year, and if you want to understand everything from fundamental.
Sunny Savita: And if you can wait, for 5 to 6 months, like, for this, ML and DR, and then you want to take up this Gen AI, then yeah, you can go.
Sunny Savita: Right? But yeah, otherwise, again, I would say, those, ML and DLN not, like, being used very much in a practical manner, right? Gen AI is dominating the market currently, the LLM engineering, RAG system, agentic system.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so if you aim, to basically design such system, the RAG, agent tech, and, to help your team with those, latest AI stuff, then Gen AI 1 is good, right?
Sunny Savita: Otherwise, if you want to understand everything from fundamental till later on you can… you wanted to pick up this Gen AI, then go with that.
Sachin Rajendran: Okay.
Sunny Savita: That'll be my point.
Sachin Rajendran: Yeah, because, you know, I don't… see, my objective is, again, to understand from a higher point of view. I don't think I can ever compete with the, you know, the programmers and the experienced folks in this.
Sachin Rajendran: I mean, not compete, but then, you know, that kind of knowledge, I can build that fast. That is why I thought, you know, it's good enough. So, I mean, my intention was to actually put some, you know, a week or two to understand Python.
Sachin Rajendran: And maybe we'll lose these…
Sunny Savita: what I would suggest you, learn from these classes, okay?
Sunny Savita: cover the Python and the basics of MLDL. Now, after 15 days or 20 days, you think, right? You feel, I'm not able to cope up, right? Means,
Sunny Savita: Python is going above my head, or maybe ML and DL, basically, the basic concept is required to me to understand in depth each and everything, then definitely, after 50-20 days, you can basically switch to that, which means you can again check with a counselor, maybe he will help you out over there. Got it?
Sachin Rajendran: Okay, okay. Yeah.
Sachin Rajendran: And…
Sunny Savita: So I think, within 2 to 3 weeks, you can judge yourself in a better way, right? Or not the immediate one.
Sachin Rajendran: Got it, okay. And one more question that, you know, the system configuration that you were explaining earlier, you know, I don't have a 1TB, I have a…
Sachin Rajendran: 500 GB.
Sunny Savita: See, hard decks or, this, storage is not a very critical thing, right? You can extend that, it's not… it's fine, right?
Sachin Rajendran: Okay.
Sunny Savita: RAM processor that matters a lot, right? Not this, storage, actually.
Sachin Rajendran: Okay, okay, alright. Thanks, Sunny. Thanks, really, you know, I really appreciate you staying, you know.
Sachin Rajendran: This late. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sure, thank you, Raj, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Now, anyone else? Pawan, Ali, Vikram, Jeep, please go ahead.
Pavan: Good is sending, can I go now?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can go from.
Pavan: Yeah, Sunny, it's pretty much, others asked the same question. So, basically, I am from, Oracle background,
Pavan: So, do you still recommend me, with this modern path, or go with the other one? Anyways, I have some programming knowledge, because even though I'm from Oracle, right, from past couple of, years, I've been into, Spring Boot, Spring Boot,
Sunny Savita: Oops.
Pavan: That is the first thing. And second thing, let's say if, even I started, reviewing the other session, right, Python from the previous session, if you have any questions on that, do I have to wait until end of this session to ask, to answer those questions? The reason why I'm asking is,
Pavan: As part of my, installation, right? I tried multiple ways of installation, installing Anaconda in my laptop. I… I don't know. Even I, checked with ChatGPT, giving multiple prompts for the issue. Some… somehow…
Pavan: In my system, I'm not able to install Nikono, so I got fed up, and then I installed Python, and then, Numfire, Pandas, and then Jupyter Notebook to continue, my classes. So, what do you…
Sunny Savita: No, so what is your question? You were asking, will you help me through this Python setup and all, is it, permanent?
Pavan: Yeah, yeah. So, first thing is, do you still remind me, do you still recommend me, because since I don't have Python background, right, do you still recommend me continuing this, while I learn Python in parallel?
Sunny Savita: Okay, sir, again, it depends on your goal, right?
Sunny Savita: So… like, what I can say. To which intention you are learning, right?
Sunny Savita: If your intention to, basically cope up with this Gen AI, to get a job in this Gen AI as soon as possible, if you have a Gen AI-related work in your company, want to do, like, a transition into that, you wanted to switch into the Gen AI, right? Then, this course.
Sunny Savita: Right? But if you don't have any such case, you wanted to learn everything from scratch, right, with a peaceful mind, slowly and gradually, right? Then, go ahead with the Ultimate Data Science Bootcamp. It's the, this classical path. Got it?
Pavan: Okay. Yeah, I just want to, upskill my, existing one, because my current org, right, it's been, going into this Gen AI space, so I just want to upskill myself.
Sunny Savita: Huh, if you wanted to upskill yourself in 6 to 7 months of period, right, in this… specifically in the Gen AI, right, for the Gen AI project, for the Gen AI transition, for the Gen AI work, right? Then learn from here.
Sunny Savita: As I already told you that this MLN deal will not be, trouble you, even 5% to 10%, right? Hardly someone will ask you in an interview, right? In one of the interviews, maybe they might ask you what is a ML model, DL model, how ANN works, right? What was the predictive modeling, and all these kind of questions you will get.
Pavan: Right?
Sunny Savita: Okay, for Jenny… see, again, I'm saying most of the work is going on around to the LLMs, right? This is factual.
Pavan: Okay.
Sunny Savita: And, again, I'm saying, what is your intention? What is your goal? Decide accordingly.
Pavan: Right?
Sunny Savita: We are providing you everything. If you are into this batch, we are helping you as much as possible with Python, with the previous course content, right?
Pavan: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: still feeling that, okay, no, I cannot, then feel free to go there, sir, okay?
Sunny Savita: Both are batches from our platform only, and in both batches, actually, we are covering, like, very in-depth revers, okay? That is a classical one, this is a modern one, okay? So, now, decision is yours.
Sunny Savita: So, again, I would suggest you, give, 2 to 3 weeks of time, understand, everything, like, what is going on, what, Sunny's teaching, what are the prerequisites and all, whether I'm able to understand this or not, right? And then, based on that, you can make a decision later on. Got it?
Pavan: Okay, got it, thank you. And one more question, as I said, that second one, right? I do have a problem of installing Anconda or Miniconda in my laptop, so, so just to continue the, sessions, right?
Sunny Savita: I would suggest you don't use Anaconda, Miniconda, work with UVL.
Sunny Savita: The best way to create an environment and the faster installation on everything, okay? I'm not going
Sunny Savita: conda, Mini Conda at all, we will work with the UB only, okay?
Pavan: Oh, so what.
Sunny Savita: You don't need to worry about that site.
Pavan: Oh, okay, no, the reason why I started installation is I started going through Chris's previous recording, that's where he started in the second or third session.
Pavan: Third session, he asked to install Anacondas. When I ran into those issues, right, I just installed Python with the NumPy and Pandas, and just continued my, work. So, do you think that should be enough to get on my Python track, or…
Sunny Savita: That is enough, sir, okay? If it is not able… if you're not able to configure that, don't worry, we'll configure the UB, okay? And easily you can create your environment, and you can install any sort of a library, you can do your development, okay? There.
Pavan: Yeah, awesome. That's, is that from next session?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, from the next session itself, correct.
Pavan: Okay, okay.
Sunny Savita: It's UV, V, not V, okay?
Pavan: You… Package…
Sunny Savita: manager, like PIPIP, okay? UP, yeah.
Pavan: Okay, correct.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Pavan: Thank you so much, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Okay, thank you, Pawan. Now, any more doubt, guys? Please let me know if there are any more doubt, otherwise I will.
Vikramjeet: Have Audible?
Ali: Cheers.
Vikramjeet: Sonny?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Vikram, Vikram.
Vikramjeet: Yeah, yeah, thanks, Krish and Sunny. First question, like, I want to do domain switching. I have 14 years of telecom optimization experience.
Vikramjeet: So, I have a basic, like, I used to do analytic works, like, on Excel and tools. So, I have done data science courses as well, Python, SQL, ML, and Jennai from, institutes also. So how to use this course for… how to leverage, this course for domain switching?
Vikramjeet: And,
Vikramjeet: This is my first question, and second question, like, what is your course utilization strategy? Like, how to learn in best way?
Vikramjeet: And, my third question, like, what is the interview depth these days for, like, what is market expectations?
Vikramjeet: And my last question, fourth question, really, what is the time to become a job ready?
Vikramjeet: Log these four questions, I haven'.
Sunny Savita: Go step by step, sir, okay? In whatever way we have designed syllabus, just follow that. That is our best strategy, okay?
Vikramjeet: Okay, the first, yeah, and
Vikramjeet: How, like, to be job-ready? Like, what will the clarity…
Sunny Savita: Once you will complete the course, automatically you will get a confidence, and you will become a job ready.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Vikramjeet: Okay, so, okay. And, that's it. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: No.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, Vikram.
Sunny Savita: Any, any more doubt?
Hariharan Jayaprakash: Hi, Sunny, Hari Hit.
Ali: Hello?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Hari. Wait, Ali, I will come to you. Yeah, Hari, please go ahead.
Hariharan Jayaprakash: Hi, Sunny, I mean, I'm 15 years experience in Java, basically. So… so my career totally from Java, Spring Boot, and Angular kind of thing. So, if you see, from last one year, in our, in our, projects, we are using Cloud and GitHub Copilot.
Hariharan Jayaprakash: So, what's happening is, last one year, we… we started using the EAA to generate code, right? So, and then we started slowing, like, our team's RAM down and everything was happening. So, that's where I started thinking, like, we have to switch the carrier.
Hariharan Jayaprakash: I started learning Python from Christian Academy last one month, and I've gone through the Python courses. And then I came across this,
Hariharan Jayaprakash: this new course, actually. So I directly enrolled this course. So… so my background is now Java, and I have some 15 days of Python basics I just learned. So, is it enough to manage this course? That's not my question.
Hariharan Jayaprakash: Because, I wanted to… because I felt like, learning Java
Hariharan Jayaprakash: won't be… in the future, it won't be, safer side. That's what I felt last couple of months.
Hariharan Jayaprakash: So, and everybody's talking about YA, right? So, do you think, this course will make enough to,
Hariharan Jayaprakash: I mean, with my Java profile, if I added this DNA capability, how I can make my carrier… I mean, I need your suggestion. Will this be helpful for me in my.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Hariharan Jayaprakash: So you understand my question? Maybe I'm.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, I understand your question. So, currently you have an experience with the Java, right? Now you wanted to move to the AI.
Hariharan Jayaprakash: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: so that, like, you join this course, and you know some basics of the Python and all.
Sunny Savita: And, so what, you can do in the future, right? This is the main, portion. So, see, if we are working with the AI,
Sunny Savita: Right? So, in Java, actually, you will not be get most, library, okay, more library for AI development, for data science, for machine learning, right? You will get, support till, some extension only.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Hariharan Jayaprakash: Right. Cool.
Sunny Savita: better move to the Python, because if you're not doing it currently, maybe after 6 months, 8 months, you will have to do the same thing.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Hariharan Jayaprakash: Right? Yeah.
Sunny Savita: So the very first thing, from Java, you will have to move to the Python, right? Do it slowly, slowly, means, learn the basics of Python, which you already know, then learn some advanced concept, do some project, you know, automatically will get a confidence.
Hariharan Jayaprakash: Okay. Okay. Okay, so, Pat, so, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, please, please, yeah, you continue, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, and on top of it, basically, add this complete Gen AI stack.
Sunny Savita: whatever, Gen AI stack, basically, as I've shown you inside the syllabus itself, add all those Gen AI skills, right? All the GenAI learning, go step by step according to the syllabus.
Sunny Savita: That is more than enough. Got it? So, Java plus AI, you will not be able to, like, go for the longer run, right? You will have to switch to the Python anyhow. So, I would.
Hariharan Jayaprakash: Absolutely, dude.
Sunny Savita: you better, start deep diving into the Python from now onwards. Got it?
Hariharan Jayaprakash: Okay, so parallelly with the JNA course, I can parallelly learn the Python from Udemy or any courses I can take, and then I can manage, right, in that case.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct, right.
Sunny Savita: Yes.
Hariharan Jayaprakash: So do you think, after 6 months,
Hariharan Jayaprakash: I mean, the profile will be, I need to consider as a Python basis, or how should I create my resume, that in that case, after 6 months? I mean, I'm totally kind of confused in that case.
Sunny Savita: You can write… I had an experience in Java, I also have in Python, so you can showcase at least one year of experience in Python there. Got it.
Hariharan Jayaprakash: Okay, okay, okay, thank you, yeah, thanks, Zach.
Sunny Savita: Thank God.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Hari, please go ahead.
Hari: Oh, hi, Sunny, thank you very much. So one quick question I have is,
Hari: If you have some ideas, like, you know, in the medical field, that you want to create some of these, calculators. So, the idea is, like, you know, these days, anybody can achieve, you know, once they have the idea.
Hari: But I'm curious to ask you, different websites have different helpful calculators, like, for measuring, you know, different, things.
Hari: If we want to actually launch a website, and basically it is kind of an agency that you can sell to the same people, they will plug that website into their systems, right?
Hari: Where do you create some of the, you know, which platform do you use?
Hari: To create this, you know, integrated, web page that has all these 10 calculators.
Hari: I mean, there is, like, this is only just an example, but I'm curious to hear what you think. We achieve 90% of the time, very good result, and the other 10% seems like a really difficult.
Hari: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so, what you wanted to integrate, can you be, like, a little more clear and, can you give me, like, a little more detail about it?
Hari: Yes, so if I'm going to a dental hospital.
Hari: They have, you know, please add this information, then they will answer a couple of questions.
Hari: And if I go to a chiropractor, then they will actually ask a number of questions, and they will suggest simple things before we get time.
Hari: To see the doctor in person.
Hari: So every specialty, you know, even for the skin rashes, right, they ask a number of questions, and we know…
Hari: they have these questions based on some of the information that they, you know, got from AI system, LLM, fine-tuned model, just for that specific topic.
Hari: So, my idea is… our idea is, hey, you know, you can actually have a much broader, calc… I'm calling it a calculator, but it is like a, you know, a little bit, voice agent, or however you name it, a chatbot, or however you name it, right?
Hari: But where… is there a platform that can actually, create, these multiple calculators instead of only just one calculator, so that it is a package?
Hari: That your, you know, your agency can sell. I mean, these guys really pay a ton of money.
Hari: I'm in the Midwest.
Hari: Chicago time zone.
Hari: So I'm curious to see if you're already actively, have some,
Sunny Savita: systems.
Hari: I mean, we have access to, you know, good compute, and we have access to supercomputers as well. We are, like, research folks by trade, you know, by profession.
Hari: But no idea how to use this amount of, access to the supercompute and water.
Hari: Tools that are available, perhaps.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So, see, it depends, actually, how you are going to be built that. So, if you are doing a low-level development, then some other tech stack would be required. But if you are doing that automation, right, the low-code, no-code automation for that, again, NATN, right?
Sunny Savita: than, Flowwise, Zapier, okay, LangFuse. So these are some of the platforms which you can explore.
Sunny Savita: getting more.
Hari: I'm like… Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, just check, basically, I think you already built that, so, on which platform you have, created that?
Hari: So, we actually use the Perplexity computer.
Hari: I mean, obviously it uses, like, hundreds of tokens, but.
Sunny Savita: What's do you.
Hari: We have Perplexity Enterprise Max.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Hari: Which is, quite expensive, but it keeps doing a pretty good job, and we are surprised how much these systems are advanced.
Hari: But also…
Sunny Savita: Actually, do one thing, just show me that, just show me the functionality of it, what it is doing and all, and how you are, like, interacting with your system and all. So, on top of it, again, we can discuss maybe in the next class, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, yeah, so just show me that one. I think in the next class, again, we can talk about it. Got it?
Hari: That will be great. Thank you, Sunny.
Hari: Thank you very much.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Hi Sunny, I have one question.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, wait, Satwik. Ali, do you have any question? Please go ahead. Ali.
Ali: What's…
Sunny Savita: Nia Ali, I think you're waiting since a long time. Please go ahead if you have any question.
Ali: Yeah, yeah, so, so… I do.
Sunny Savita: Your voice is very low. Please, please speak loudly.
Ali: Yeah, get, digital print on digital twin.
Sunny Savita: Yes, I can hear you. Yeah, it is okay.
Ali: So I've been working in a non-CS background. Past 3 years, I've been working on integrating the AI technologies.
Ali: Obviously, it is a very big task, because we work on the CD.
Sunny Savita: I lost your voice. Ali, please check.
Ali: All the difference is practical difference.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you're, please, please check with your connection, or maybe your microphone is not, clear or good, or maybe your internet connection is not good. Please check once.
Ali: Hello? Now okay? Now okay, sir?
Sunny Savita: You are now better.
Ali: Yeah, so… so I've been implemented some of the, you know, 3D database technologies, like graph visual networks and, object detection, and there has been a challenge, you know, to…
Ali: Because we have to produce a lot of data, and we struggle to get the quality of data.
Ali: So, but, so I've been working on that, and we have been working on cutting-edge technology in the organization.
Ali: But recently, we have seen that the shift has gone to the generative AI.
Ali: And there are, multiple projects are coming, like, there are some documents which we are, we, we are context mapping to,
Ali: to the existing LLM APIs, using some LLM APIs, and using context mapping.
Ali: people are able to, fine-tune that model. So, basically, I'm, I'm looking to upskill on that generative AI part, and in the specific thing, one more doubt I have is,
Ali: So, converting the words to a vector, like, there is some things called chunking.
Ali: chunking, which they say. So, is it really required, if you want to build, if you want to, add into the existing LLM? So, this is one doubt.
Ali: And…
Sunny Savita: Existing LLM, sorry I didn't get that part.
Ali: So, so, existing LLM in the sense,
Ali: we have, let's say if we have an OpenAI key we are having, we are having an OpenAI API, and we are context mapping to
Ali: that, that, some, some specific documents we have, we have converted into vector, and we are, mapping it to the…
Ali: mapping it to the already pre-trained LMM.
Ali: So, how is… so, basically, I'm very new, but this kind of projects are happening, and I want to upskill, and I want to be part of that.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so…
Ali: For that, what do you.
Sunny Savita: And do nothing.
Sunny Savita: Oh…
Ali: risk.
Sunny Savita: That kind of tuning is possible.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Means you have a specific document, you are going to be converted into the document, vector, right? And you're mapping.
Ali: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: And you already have pre-trained model. Now, see, you wanted to fine-tune that LLM, correct? On top of which data? Maybe the document data. Okay, and maybe out of that, you wanted to create the embedding.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Ali: Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Sunny Savita: So, see, embedding fine-tuning is possible. You can do that, you can perform the embedding fine-tuning, or else, if you wanted to fine-tune any pre-trained model.
Sunny Savita: Right? Let's say you, you have a data, any PDF data. So, you no need to convert
Sunny Savita: That directly into the embedding and all, and then you are going to be provided to the fine-tuning? No.
Sunny Savita: You… we have those kind of framework, where you have a PDF data, you can directly load that. Automatically, it will be converted into the indexes, embedding and all in a backend itself, and you can fine-tune it directly.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so if you have pre-trained model, regarding whatever use cases you are asking, whether it's embedding fine-tuning or knowledge fine-tuning, both is possible. Got it?
Ali: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I've got it, you know, like, I got… I understood now, I understood now, because you are telling directly PDF itself?
Ali: directly provide to the full pipeline LLM.
Ali: Got it.
Sunny Savita: Pikes.
Ali: Yeah, I got it, got it, got it. And one more, one, one, one more query I have, because in this course, particularly, you said there will be a lot of cloud tools and services, and there are different, software integration platforms, like cursor, integrity, and these things are there.
Ali: Because since there are many, much tools, and I have no hands-on experience on these things and all.
Ali: With least struggle, you know, because… because this is… because if you consider one tool itself is a big task to learn that, and…
Ali: And there are multiple things are there when you…
Ali: when the deployment of these LLMs and ML is concerned, So… It is very difficult to…
Ali: get, you know, get skilled on each and every things, you know? So, but how do you handle that? And how this course will help us?
Sunny Savita: So, tool-wise, basically, we are, keeping,
Sunny Savita: basically cursor GitHub Copilot, right?
Sunny Savita: It means the number of tools, right? But we are not deep diving into every tool, right? So let's say we are going to be using GitHub co-pilot throughout this course, and we just… I just given you the overview of the cursor.
Sunny Savita: Correct. So, let's say tomorrow, if you're going somewhere, and if you wanted to use cursor or integrity, then you can easily use that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so what will follow? We'll follow the T-shape architecture, means, T means, we'll cover everything, every name and all will, explain, okay, this tool is for that, this tool, this tool is also for that, we can do the similar kind of thing. But we'll deep dive into any one tool. Getting my point.
Sunny Savita: Right? So we always follow the T shape, means we'll understand about each and every name, but we'll only deep dive into the one tool itself.
Sunny Savita: So, likewise, actually, we are going to be handling that. Got it?
Ali: Okay, okay, okay, I got it. And one more thing, since you said GitHub Copilot, because if you work in an organization setup, it is, it is not very secured, you know, like, because it knows your code in and out.
Ali: And.
Sunny Savita: No, actually, you are not going to set up anything on your personal ID in the real-time project. Okay, so you will get every sort of a credential and all from your organization itself, okay?
Ali: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but still, there is… there is a chance to get leakage, right? With a.
Sunny Savita: No, sir, see, those are the menace platforms. Your enterprise is configuring for you. You are not, standalone working on any… on your personal account and on, okay?
Ali: Okay, okay, okay. So, we have to… you're telling… your suggestion would be to take an organizational account only. Using that only, we can work.
Sunny Savita: Good evening.
Sunny Savita: See, if you are working on a personal account in the organization, then they won't allow you, no?
Sunny Savita: Right?
Ali: Yes, yes. Yeah, good.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: May I go on?
Ali: Got it.
Sunny Savita: No.
Ali: Thank you, sir, thank you very much.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, Ari, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Oh, yeah, sorry, Shobik, yeah, please, go ahead.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Yeah, so basically, the same question I will ask, like, once looking at, Chris' video, I also installed the Conda.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Now, that's fine, we will be installing the UV. So, just one quick thing that Visual Studio is already installed in my system, personal system, okay? So, I don't need to uninstall that, right, for that?
Sunny Savita: No, don't install it, keep it with you.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Okay, another point is that I have 16GB of RAM, 1GB of hard disk as well, i7, but my laptop is old. My laptop is bought on 2024, or 2014, that is why the Windows is 8.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: So, will that be… will that cause a problem?
Sunny Savita: No, that won't be a major problem, but yeah, in some software, or maybe at some places, you might get stuck, right, because of the older version of the window. So please update it to the 10 or 11.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Hmm.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Okay. Okay, well… Okay, so…
Sunny Savita: Do one thing, just update it to the 10, check if you can remove the Windows 8, or you can install the new one, Windows 10.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Yeah, and just a quick tell me one thing, that if I consider this entire course as 100%,
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: How much impact would be because of the Windows 8?
Sunny Savita: Directly what I can say, sir, see, again, some of the software, some of the services, basically, might not be for the Windows 8, right? It might give you some issue, right, while you are installing some package or anything.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Any, any, any, any…
Sunny Savita: Right now, I'm not able to recall that, but again, it is an older one. If you will ask to me, Sunny, can I work Windows 7, Windows XP, Windows 8?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: That is age-old, age-old.
Sunny Savita: No, I got it that, but again, I'm just giving you the example, okay? So, better, like, install the latest one. At least keep Windows 10, which is supporting everything, right?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: I need to change the laptop, actually.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Okay, let me see what I can do.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, okay, Sobeg is done. Now, any more doubt, guys, please let me know. Otherwise, I'll close this session.
sashwanth sharma: Hello, Sonic.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, please go ahead, Shashwork.
sashwanth sharma: Hi, thank you so much. Thank you so much for this course. I'm just working as a data engineer in an organization, and, recently they've been, like, no, inclined so much towards AI, and then, you know, they brought in the cloud, code, subscriptions.
sashwanth sharma: And also, our platform is GCP. So, some of our other, you know, AI engineers are using, Google ADK to, you know, build some agents. So, the directions of my team is basically, like, you know, as a data engineer, like, you know, the pipelines.
Sunny Savita: on the…
sashwanth sharma: They're focusing more on to automate anything with agents, or anything with generative AI models. So, yeah, as you know, this course is a live course.
sashwanth sharma: So, I was just checking on the online, so Udemy courses, courses are there. So, there are, like, generative AI with LangChain and, Langraph.
sashwanth sharma: And also, that is an agent EKI. So, would this be helpful for me to, you know, scale up fast? Because they might be expecting some, you know, some work, automation work in 3 to 6 months.
sashwanth sharma: And, mostly based on Google's ADK. So, like, you know, whether this course would help me out, to fast track.
Sunny Savita: Yes, see, that syllabus, actually, we have designed in such a way, it's going to be cover, I think, almost all the part, right, of the generative AI.
Sunny Savita: So, if your aim to stronger fundamental, along with that automation and all, right?
Sunny Savita: Definitely, this is a goldmine for you, right? Let's say if you want to do fast-track everything, let's say you wanted to do, like, only pro in the Agent AKI, let's say only one part, like, let's say RAG, right? You just want to be, like, develop a quick project, okay. Then, basically, you might feel a little slow one, because
Sunny Savita: We'll start, from some theoretical concept, okay, then, we'll, move to the next module, where some fine-tuning and stuff and all, then again, RAG, Agent AKI, and all. So in this way, this space will go, right? So, if you are ready to spend 3 to 6 months with all the fundamentals to automation, then this is best.
Sunny Savita: Right? But if you want quick, within 15 days, 20 days, 1 month, okay, let's build some agentic solution, let's do some non-code automation, some project and all, then, again, you might feel a little slower then. Okay, but again, that is not going to help you in a longer run, to be honest. Got it?
sashwanth sharma: Okay, yeah, because I could see, Chris, there are, generative AI and agentic AI in Udemy, so I thought, like, Udemy business, I'll just, speed up my learning curve.
sashwanth sharma: So I thought you.
Sunny Savita: You can do that. See, if you have access of the UDB business, if that course is accessible for you, I would suggest you do it parallelly. Got it?
sashwanth sharma: Okay, yeah, I know it better. And, just final question. So, yeah, I know, like, RAG is being part of this, no syllabus, but, being the nature of data engineering, pipelining, and, like, no, previously, one of our colleagues was, like, no, developed a scratch model.
sashwanth sharma: Okay? Now, in order… of course, that is not gonna be the, you know, structure going forward. So, in order to integrate any RAG model to the… to our, database pipelines.
sashwanth sharma: Or, no, would RAG be playing a major role, or should I be, like, also parallelly learning RAC Boot Camp
sashwanth sharma: Which is under, no, which is almost like a completed batch now. Should I be focusing on that as well?
Sunny Savita: Rag will cover over here. So, if you want to start parallelly, you can, otherwise we'll cover everything over here itself, okay?
sashwanth sharma: Okay, cool. Yeah, thank you so much for your time. Yeah. Bye-bye.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir. Bye.
Sunny Savita: Any more doubt, guys, please, let me know, otherwise I'll close the session. It is already 1.13.
Sunny Savita: Okay, great, guys. So, yeah, I think we can close our first session. I'll see you in the next class, which is going to be happen on Saturday, okay? So, don't miss out that. There will, understand more about this, course module.
Sunny Savita: And we'll focus on the system setup, and alongside, we'll, I will, like, discuss some introductory part and all, okay, of the generative AI.
Sunny Savita: So, thank you guys, bye, take care, good night, I'll see you in the next class. Until take care, guys, okay? Bye.